what is the brand of phone?
what type of plane is this?
what are the letters on the tail section of the plane?
who is this copyrighted by?
what brand is on the plane?
what year is shown in the photo?
what type of meeting is it?
what is the name of this plane?
what is the plane's call sign?
what letter is on the plane's tail?
what airline is this?
what airline is this plane for?
what does it say on the plane?
what website is this jet associated with?
what does this jet advertise as having?
what letters are embellished on the parachute?
what are the letters being displayed?
what is the last number of the plane?
what letters are visible on the tail of the helicopter?
what is the plane name?
what is the plane number?
what does the train say?
what organization do these men work for?
what letters are on the craft?
what website is labeled on the plane?
what happens if you pull?
what does the sticker on the window say?
what made this airplane?
what kind of plane is this?
what are the numbers on the plane?
what word does one of the hot balloons feature?
where is the plane going?
what type of plane is this?
what does the white sign say?
what model of plane is this?
what number is on the plane?
is there any other text on the plane?
what is the number and letter of the plane?
which company owns that aircraft?
to which organization does this helicopter belong?
what kind of airline is this?
what brand is this phone?
is the word express under the word fedex at the front of the plane?
what is the plane number?
what is the name of the plane?
what is the id number written on the rear of the plane?
what company is this for?
what does the sign want to add to java?
the train number is?
what letter is written on the side of the red propeller plane?
what 3 digit number is on the plane in the back?
what is the id number on the tail of the plane?
what is the word on the side of this plane?
what number is this plane?
what is written on the side of this airplane?
what number is on the plane?
what number is on the silver plane?
what identification number belongs to the big bomber plane in the center?
what letter is in the black circle?
what airline is this plane for?
what is the name of the airline?
what number is on the grey and yellow plane?
two letters on the tail?
what is the number found on the head of the plane?
is that plane part of the star alliance?
who owns the blimp?
what number is on the plane?
what airline does this plane belong to?
what is this?
what is the identification number?
what is this planes website?
what letter is the symbol on the tale of the plane?
what does it say on the jet?
what branch of the military is the plane from?
what is the plane number?
what branch of the military is on the plane?
what is the tail number of the jet?
what is the name of the airline?
what number is on the back of this plane?
what is the name on the plane?
what is the model number of the plane printed on the rear?
what brand is the white balloon?
does this plane state that it's easy?
what is the id number on the bottom of the wing?
what is the helicopter's number?
which website is listed on the picture?
what is the slogan on the side say that life is for?
what brand is being advertised on the plane?
what is the number on the tail wing?
what number is on the nose of this aircraft?
what is the identification number on the balloon?
what is the last letter on the balloon?
what is the airline this plane belongs to?
what is the 6 digit numbers on the side of the plane?
what year was this photograph taken?
what is the model airplane model number?
what number is in red on the plane?
what's the number written on the plane?
what is the identification number of the plane?
the red tape should be removed before what?
what's the name of the airline?
what is the plane number?
what model of plane is this?
what airline does this plane belong to?
what branch of service does this plane belong to?
what acronym is displayed on the underside of the wings?
what is this plane used for?
what are the three letters above rescue?
what does it say on the side of the plane in the front?
what is the id number of the plane?
what runway is the plan on?
in regards to the plane shown, what is fat an acronym for?
what airline is this plane from?
what is the name of the planes airline?
what city is the stadium in?
what are the letters on the side of the white van?
whats the numbers on the closest plane?
what is the number on the second plane?
what city does this plane belong to?
what is written in blue letters?
what is the plane name written in red?
what is the blue number all the way to the left?
what number is on the guys yellow jacket?
what is the plane name?
what's the number listed on this plane?
what number is on the wings of this jet?
what are the letters on the side of the jet?
what airline did these sugar packets come from?
what is the brand name of sugar?
what military branch owns this plane?
what country navy is printed on the rear of the plane?
what airline is about to take off?
what is the webesite on the engine?
is he working camera 3?
what kind of backpack is the man in the striped shirt wearing?
what airline is the plane from?
the helicopter is number what?
what is the name of this game?
which order of uncharted game is this?
what brand of airliner is this?
what is the plane id?
which airline is this jet plane?
what country is on the plane?
what is the first letter on the plane?
what is the call sign of the plane?
what letter is written on the plane at the end?
what airways is this?
what country do these airplanes come from?
what is the planes number?
what is the word in white?
what number is in red?
what number is on the plane?
which airline is this?
what number is on the first plane?
what is the name of that plane?
which airline is this?
what airline is this?
what color is the name of the airline?
what is the plane number of the green plane?
what space in the hangar does this plane occupy?
what airline does that plane belong to?
what is the big word on the plane?
what is the identification number by the flag decal on the plane?
what airline carrier is parked?
does the plane's number end in 3?
what is the number on the tail of this plane?
what identification number is written on the bottom of photo in white?
what kind of flagman?
what numbers are on the plane?
which carrier is this service vehicle for?
what's the phone number on the sign?
what is the tail number of this airplane?
what number is written on the bottom half of the plane?
what is the small white letter?
what is the number of this small plane?
who owns this aircraft?
what is the number of the aircraft?
what kind of kit is displayed here?
what does the book say?
what is the visible word on the airplane?
what is the plane's serial number?
who many people here?
what does the flying plane say?
what country is this airplane from?
what is the airline of the plane in the back?
what is the copyright date?
what is this a picture of?
what does the license plate say?
what airlines is this plane flying for?
what type of plane is this?
what is the number on the yellow plane?
what is written vertically on the black banner?
what does it say on the plane?
what is the registration number on this helicopter?
what does fft stand for?
what does the logo next to fft say?
what number is on the tail of this plane?
what number is the car?
what airline is this?
what letters follow sp-?
which airline is this?
what is this airline's web address?
what does that back of his shirt say?
what is the denomination of these bills?
how much money are these worth?
what country is written on the side?
what kind of module?
what is this object called?
what type of plane is this?
what state is this plane from?
what are the letters on the tail of the plane?
what is the name on the yellow and white plane?
is that an old white plymouth ?
what is the plan number?
what aircraft id code is shown on the right?
what is the airplane number?
what airline does the plane belong to?
what race car manufacturer is shown in the background?
what is the car number?
what numbers identify this plane?
what kind of packaging?
what kind of company is ds smith?
what does it say on the front half of the plane?
who is this in memory of?
what are the letters on the side of the plane?
what number is this?
what country is this airline headquartered in?
what color is the country written on the airplane?
what navy is on the planes?
who do the planes belong to?
what airline brand is this?
what country does this plane come from?
what branch of the military does this plane belong to?
what's the plane's number?
what is the number at the top of the box?
what is the name of the airline?
what is the scale of this model?
is this a model kit of a helicopter or plane?
what for dummies?
which airline does the plane belong to?
what is the writing on the airplane?
pie koffzzier plane?
what type of plane is this?
what is the company that operates this train?
what is the number of the plane?
which company is the blue hot air balloon?
what does nokia connect?
what is the name of the plane?
what is the name of the fruit on the plane?
what should you not do to this model?
what is the word at the top of the poster in the back?
what number is on the side of the orange forklift?
what is on the tail?
what is on the fuselage?
what two letters are on the tail of the silver plane?
what number is on the plane?
what is written on this plane?
what airline is this?
what company is mentioned in this tractor?
which branch of the us military does the plane belong to?
what is the number on the tail of the plane to the far left?
what type of plane is this?
what is the airline of the plane in taxi progress?
what does the graffiti on the plane say?
what number is written just above the plane's front wheel?
what is the name of the company near the right shoulder of this player?
what is the name of the flight?
what does the b button do?
who does this aircraft belong to?
what airline is this?
what does the car tell you to dial?
what number is the car?
what number is the plane?
what kind of plane is this?
what is written inside the arrow next to the cockpit?
what letter is written on the plane closest to the cockpit?
what letter-number designation was given to this airplane?
what is written on the banner above the plane?
what number is this car?
the car number is 1?
what girl's name is found on the plane?
what number is visible on the white plane?
what number and  letter is shown at the top of the plane?
what number is on the nose of the plane?
who sponsers this?
what is the plane number?
what direction is the front of the car on the weather vane pointing?
what world do the two letters spell in the image?
what does the plan carry?
what letter is printed on the rear of the plane in the red area?
what did they use to lure choppers in for an ambush?
what is the name of the image?
what country is the small plane from?
what is the website link found in the bottom right corner?
where does the article say they are going?
what country is the airlines of the plane from?
what is this planes id number?
what letters are on the plane on the left?
what number is the plane?
where can i watch the new spongebob movie?
what other product does this store sell?
what nationality is on the airplane?
what division of the military is this plane from?
which flight provider is this?
what is the title on these paper slips?
is this a library?
what number is the plane on the left?
6 is the number of the plane?
what type of plane is this?
what is the plane number?
what type of plane is this?
what is the plane number?
what number is the plane?
what is the planes call number?
what is the airline of the plane?
what is the first letter of the airline?
the sign on the ceiling says what is not allowed?
is smoking allowed?
what branch of the military is this from?
what number is on the head of the plane?
what is the name of the hagar?
what letter is to the left of the bulls eye?
what letter is inside the bullseye?
what website is being advertised on the plane?
which days do they have low fares?
what is this slide about?
what is the name of the conference?
what airliner is this plane from?
what airline is this plane?
what letter comes before the dash on the code under the wing?
what's this plane's nickname?
what armed service is the plane for?
what is the name of the plane?
what is the title of the open book?
whose musical version is this?
what is the plane number?
what package delivery company owns the brown plane?
what does the sign say?
what does the sign on the left say?
what does the button on the top left say?
what does the largest white text say?
what is one of the brands endorsing this driver?
what brand is on the top of the drivers helmet?
what number is the airplane?
what letters are on the plane?
what does the last picture say?
who is this photo about?
what number is on the nose cone?
what airline flies this plane?
what is written on the small yellow and black sign below the plane?
what is the name of this plane?
what is the identifying letter/number combination on the side of the plane?
is this flight 889?
the numbers on the tail are?
what military branch does the plane belong to?
are those airforce planes?
what type of jet is this?
what airline is this?
what airline does this aircraft belong to?
what kind of numbers are shown?
what country are these airplanes from?
what is the number of the closest plane?
what number is on the man's helmet?
what beer sign is that?
what car brand is in the photo?
what letter is on the plane's tail?
what number is above the letter "c?"?
to what department does the helicopter belong?
what is the hull number?
what airline owns this plane?
what does it say near the star on the tail of the plane?
what website is written on the plane?
what does the big print on the play say?
what branch of the armed forces is this plane from?
what time is displayed?
what city is shown on the life ring?
what two numbers are behind the propeller on the airplane?
what does the plane say?
what does the engine say?
what is the plane number?
what is the volume number of the publication that the page is taken out of?
which museum features this drawing?
what branch does this carrier belong to?
what brand is the car?
what airline is this?
does the plane in the foreground belong to american airlines?
which airline is this?
what does it say on the tail?
what plane number is this?
what number is on the underside of the wing?
what number is the plane?
what two letters are on the front of the helicopter?
what number is on the plane?
what is the license plate number?
what does it say on the front grill?
what is the planes identification number?
what is written on the boeing 747 in the back?
what number is seen on the plane?
is the pilot named terry bolger?
who does this plane belong to?
what website is on the plane?
what number is on the black plane?
what number is the gray plane?
what number is on the plane?
is this an army plane?
what plane number is this?
what model of cataline is the model?
what brand of model kit is this?
what letters are on the plane's tail?
what is the plane number?
what country does this plane belong to?
what branch of the military is this plane?
what company does the balloon belong to?
what company name is written on the white trailer with the black banner?
what brand of jetliner is flying overhead?
what does the orange balloon say?
what year was this picture taken?
what is the sponsor of the team?
what brand airplane is this?
what branch is this plane from?
what number is written on the nose of this plane?
what is the title of the film on the poster?
what is this man's favorite team?
what branch of the military does this plane belong to?
what is the number on the plane?
what kind of plane is this?
what is the model of the plane?
what number is on the plane?
what number is the man's jersey?
what branch of the military are the planes from?
what are the five letters on the side of the plane?
what type of plane is that?
which single letter is almost fully visible underneath the wing of the plane?
is that a continental plane?
what airline is this?
which branch is the plane from?
what branch of the military owns this plane?
which plane features "hl" on it's body?
what is the number on the tail of the camouflaged plane?
what airline is this jet from?
what colors are the logo?
what number code is on the plane?
what branch of military is written on the body of the jet?
what number is this airplane?
what is the plane brand?
what word is written on the bottom side panel?
what is written by the rear propeller?
this is a helepad place?
what is written in the black rectangles on the plane?
what is the number in yellow on the right bulding?
what is written on the side of this helicopter?
what is the first letter of the word?
what number is the plane?
what vehicle number is featured?
what are the three numbers on the helicopter balloon?
what number is on the front of the train?
what company owns the airplane?
what company is in the photo?
what is the date on the photo?
what number is that race car?
what number on the car?
which battlestar series is this from?
what type of space ship is shown?
what country does this jet liner belong to?
what are the numbers on the tail of the airplane?
what is wrote on the helicopter on the left bottom?
what is this helicopter called?
what is the name of the air line on the plane?
how many times the word virgin written in the plane?
what king of loads are not allowed?
what airline is this plane?
what is the name of this toy robot?
what is the airline of the jet?
what letter is shaped in the grass?
what is the name of the one with the orange background?
this some battlle game?
which airline does this plane belong to?
what is the planes id number?
what does the red sign say?
what tire brand sponsor is on this racecar?
what is the name of the airline of the plane?
who owns this plane?
what website is shown on this plane?
what does this plane offer?
what airline is this?
what airline is the plane on the back?
what airline is the plane on the front?
what is the plane number below the cockpit?
what airlines is shown?
which country owns this helicopter?
what is the serial number of the helicopter?
which space shuttle is that?
what number is on the tail of the plane?
what is the number on the plane?
what is the number on the plane fin?
which branch of the military does the aircraft belong to?
what is the number on the upside down plane?
what is the letters and numbers on the board / boat there?
what does it say on the airplane?
what is the airline of the plane?
what's the hull number on this plane?
what gas company owns the truck?
what is the plane number?
what are the letters after hr?
what is the plane number?
what does the airplane say?
what branch of service is this?
what is the word you can see on the side of the plane?
how many planes in the picture?
what brand of building block is this?
what ages does it say it's for?
what are the numbers on that space craft?
what organization made this plane?
what in the plane number?
what is the number of the blue and white planes?
what's the name on the orange and white plate?
what brand is the blue device?
what is written in yellow on these planes?
what is the lieutenant's name?
how old is this plane?
what number is on the tail of the plane?
what is written on the black and white car?
what number is on the blue car?
what website is this photo from?
what's the call number on the helicopter?
what airline is this?
what is the name of the plane?
is this helicopter 47?
what is the number on the tail?
what is the plane number?
what's the plane's identification number?
what kind of plane is this?
what are the big numbers and letters written on the plane?
what is the code written on the tail wing?
is this a federal vehicle?
what kind of truck is this?
what country is on the front of this plane?
what is this aircraft's registration number?
what's the letter on the place to the far left?
what is the name of the website?
what airline is this?
what kind of angel is this?
what is the name of the plane?
is this an old war plane?
is that plane named mitch the witch?
what company is displayed on the tail wing?
who does this jet belong to?
this jet airways?
is this a car race?
what brand of tires is on the arch?
what is written on the plane?
this is a coffee  cup?
what number hanger does this take place in?
what is the plane number?
what is the model number?
what airline is shown?
what is the company name on the airplane?
what website does this have listed for the photographer?
what are the names of the photographers?
what is the brand name on the plane?
what is the plane's call sign?
what are the numbers of this jet?
what number is this plane?
what is the number of the plane hanging from the ceiling?
what number is on the red helicopter?
what is the tail number on the plane?
what word is on the wings on the plane?
spirt of what is written on the plane?
what is the plane number?
what number is one of the jets?
name of this airline company?
what letters are on the tail of the plane?
what number is the gray and yellow plane?
what number is the right plane?
what type of plane is this?
what part of the plane is labeled below the manufacturer name?
what is printed in red?
what type of area is it?
what number is on the chopper?
what branch of the military is in this photo?
what letters are on the plan next to the sitting man?
what is the plane's tail number?
what is the name of this space ship?
what kind of motorcycle is this?
what number is on the plane?
what name is on the hull of this ship?
what branch of military is cited on the helicopter?
what number is on the wing?
which airline is this?
which country is this airline based in?
what number is on the plane?
what letter/number code is on the tail of the white plane?
what is brand of plane?
what company logo is pictured?
what is the airline that the plane belongs to?
what is the name of the country on the plane?
what is the name of the airline?
where is the airplane flying?
what large city is the sign saying on the hillside?
what's the plane's flight number?
who is the airline carrier?
what airline is that?
whats the name of the airline?
what is the number on the tail fin of the helicopter on the left?
what is this planes number?
what's this aircraft's code?
what county of airways?
what is the name of hte plane?
what airline does this plane belong to?
what is the number on the tail?
what place is mentioned?
what is written on the plane?
what school does this photo belong to?
what time is it in the upper right corner?
how much money is in the top right corner?
what number is the jet?
what two letters on to the left of the star?
what aeroplane is that?
what airline is this plane from?
what type of crossing is this?
what kind of crossing?
who is one of the advertisers?
what is written in green?
what airline is this plane with?
what airline is this plane a part of?
which airline is this?
what number is on the grey plane?
what letters are on the orange plane?
what company is this plane under / owned / made by?
what is the type of plane?
what identification is on the silver plane?
who owns this airlines?
what number is written on the tail of the plane?
what is this ships identifying number?
what organization logo is on these planes?
what is the name of the islands?
what state is the monument in?
what is this jets id numbers?
what are the numbers on the tail of the plane?
what type of cloud is mentioned on the plane?
what airline is this?
what is the call number of the plane?
what is the id number on the plane?
what is the first letter of the black letters on the plane?
what is the prominent word on the back half of the plane?
what is this plane used for?
what is the number on the airplane?
what is the name is the plane?
what number is shown on the tail of the helicopter?
what is the name of the cruise liner?
what does that plane say?
what is the first letter depicted on this plane?
what company is this large construction equipment from?
who built the equipment?
what is the number on the plane?
what is the aircraft number?
what does the text say in the triangle?
what letters are on the plane?
who sponsors the upside down racecar?
what is the brand of the car that is right side up?
what is the plate number?
what company is mentioned on the cargo label?
what are the letters on the tail of the plane?
what is written beside the word koni on the bottom of the door under 88?
what is this cars racing number?
which airline is this?
what is the registration number of the plane?
what website is represented on the jet?
what is this airline?
what number is the silver plane?
what is the silver planes id number?
what airline is this?
what are the large thin letters on the fuselage?
what airline of planes are these?
what number is the plane in the back?
what number gate is this?
what number is written in red on the yellow sign?
what kind of amp is that?
is the word "destroy" on this poster?
what country name is displayed on the jet?
when was this photo printed?
what country is shown on this space shuttle?
what is the tail number of this plane?
which shuttle is this?
what letters can you see on the very back of the plane?
which centre is featured on the plane?
what is written on the body of the white plane?
what two letters are on the middle of the green plane?
what brand is the plane?
what is the plane number?
what is the licence number?
what is written on the side of the plane?
what is the aircraft identification number?
how many people can fit in the plane?
what is the name of this airline?
what is the code at the very back of the plane?
what is the first letter on the back of the plane?
what number is on the helicopter?
what number does it say on the plane?
what is the code on the tail of the plane?
what is the id number of the plane?
is the id number on the front of the plane?
what armed forces is this plane?
who owns this plane?
what airlines is this?
what airline is this plane from?
what is the name of the plane?
which airline is theat plane for?
what airlines takes up most of the photo?
what kind of standard is on the round logo?
what is the name of the airline?
what air force is on the plane?
what is the name of the airline?
what country is on the plane?
what is the name of the magazine the sleeping man was reading?
where did the plane come from?
what airline is this?
who does the plane belong to?
what number is on the side of the plane?
what should you put in your hair?
what number is at the top left?
what kind of airplane is this?
are those for just one person?
what is the id number of the plane?
what game system is this game for?
is this an instruction booklet?
what is the road name in front?
is this superman in his aircraft?
this a toyata car?
what is the company on this plane?
what are the letters written on the tail of this plane?
whos airplane is at the gate?
what does tfk do?
what letters are painted on the side?
what is the name of the pilot?
is danger written on the vehicle?
the fourth stair from the top implores one to enjoy their what?
what does the red sign say?
what is the name of the tailgater?
what is written in all yellow?
what's the name of the airline?
what is the website on the image?
what does it say on the aircraft's tail?
what branch of the service does the emblem represent?
what does the card say on the left?
what airline is this plane?
what number is on the red square?
what's the airline's name?
what branch of military are the red tents?
how many years are the women on the left celebrating?
what hall of fame is it?
what airline in this?
what are the letters on the yellow sign on the bottom left?
what airline is this?
what number is on the side of the plane?
whose name is written on the plane?
what red sign is sitting up near the bottom right?
what airline is this?
what do the black letters say?
what are the two numbers after the two letters?
what does it say on the plane?
what is the airline?
what does it say on the tail?
what word is painted on the yellow side of the plane?
what is on the orange sign near the plane?
what is the slogan on the plane?
whats the name of the airport?
what is the of the airline shown in the photo?
what is the train number?
what should you mind?
what is the plane number?
what is the number on the nose of the plane?
what airlines is this plane from?
which airline's name is written on the plane?
what is written on the grey hanger?
what is the letter and number combo under the wheel?
is this an airplane?
where was this picture taken?
what letter is on the wing?
what country is mentioned on the rocket?
what kind of kit is in the box?
what is the three numbers on the nose of the plane?
what does the green icon say?
what is the text under the letter icon?
which airline is the flight?
what are the initials of this airline?
when was the photo taken?
what is the name of the airline of the commercial jet?
which airline is that plane from?
is this an american plane?
what is the name on the tail of this plane?
what is the name of this airplane?
how is the tasmanian devil described as?
what airline is this?
what is written above the man's head?
where to visit first? brasil, uruguay or argentina?
what is the year on the poster?
what airline is pictured?
what is the text on the airplane?
what branch of the military is on the side of the helicopter?
what airline are we getting on?
what is the planes call sign?
what is the number on the airplane?
what number is on the tail of the plane?
what's the web address printed on the plane?
what is the airline?
what website is on the wing of plane?
on the plane it says jet what in the front ?
what kind of bus is this?
what is the bus number?
what kind of plane is this?
which airline is this?
what airline does this plane belong to?
where does finnair fly to?
what letters are in the white strip?
does nasa use h202 as fuel for their rockets?
are there any notifications on this phone?
what home country is the user of the in?
what is the type of helicopter?
what name is written on the white plane?
what is the plane number?
what is the id number on the winf?
which film company is thisfrom?
what is the 1st number in the top row?
what numbers are visible on the plane?
what numbers on the wood?
what does it say on the side of the plane?
what is the model number of the plane?
what website is on the plane wing?
what is wrote on the plane?
what country is this airline from?
what airline is in the back?
what airline does the plane belong to?
what is the model plane number shown on the engine?
what type of greens are those?
which city is 12,749 km away?
how far to new york?
which airline does this plane belong too?
which sector of the government does the small boat in the water belong to?
what is the first word written above the word "police"?
what airline is this?
what is the name at the top of this album?
what does the street sign say?
which car brand do you see?
what's the name of the book written about ann harbor by harry haines?
who is the author of this book?
which airline company operates the green aeroplane?
which website is being advertised?
what plane company is that?
what city name is mentioned on the tail of the plane?
which airbase is this?
is that the blue plane?
what plane is this?
is this a klm plane?
what is the name on the transom of this ship?
what airline is this?
what does her sweatshirt say?
this man handle with aeroplane?
what is the date on the belly of the shark?
what type of spray is written near the tail of the shark?
who is this quote by?
what is education about?
what airline is this plane from?
whose okomobile is this?
what brand the okomobile?
what is the name of the exhibition?
what kind of view is advertised?
this a simens mobile?
where is this aircraft located?
which organization operates this vehicle?
what are the numbers and letters at the top?
do not do what?
what is the website shown?
what is written on this airplane?
where was this image taken?
what is the title on the top left page?
what phone type is this?
what country name is displayed on this man's robe?
how many amos does the sign say?
what brand of oil is advertised here?
what does it say next to the oil brand decal?
what does the billboard say?
what country is this rocket from?
what does the life preserve say?
what letters are on the plane wing?
what does the red sign in front of the harbor say?
what airline is the plane from?
what brand is the boat?
what is written in red letters towards the rear of the boat?
what is the brand on the tail of the airplane?
what is written on the fuselage?
what branch of the military is this?
is navy written beside the back of this plane?
what year is it?
what are the initials of the larger text?
what does irt stand for?
what year on the 15th of mayo is displayed?
what is the title?
is it early sunrise?
what is on the side of the hat?
what is the website on the corner of the picture?
what is the id of the plane?
what is this place?
what is the last word on the bottom line?
is pepsi a sponsor?
what is the cool drink name advertised in the board?
what name is written twice on the wings?
what is the model number?
what are the first three letters?
what airline is this poster for?
what airlines is being shown?
what country is on the banner?
what number is shown on the banner?
what letter is on the gas station?
what state is mentioned?
what is the name of the simulator?
what is the first word on the sign in front of the simulator?
what brand of cymbals is shown?
what is the last letter on the drum to the far left?
what's word starts the title of the building?
what is the name of this airplane?
what is the number?
what is the brand name on the plane?
this is areplain?
is the wing a bombardment wing?
what kind of wing is described?
what website does the plane advertise?
what airline is this?
home of the what?
where is fighter world located?
where exactly can i find this quote from the bible?
what is the name of the cereal?
what type of cereal is this?
what is the first letter in the name of the ship?
what is the name of the ship?
what color star is the ship on the right named after?
was this made by nasa?
which government agency is featured?
what is written on the cross?
what's the last number on the wing?
what country is on the vehicle?
what name does it say under the flag?
what number is the player?
what is the airline shown?
who said that "peculiar travel suggestions are dancing lessons from god?"?
is klm the name of the airlines?
what is written in white on the plane body?
what does the yellow sign say?
where is the discount center located?
what is this planes id number?
does this plane have an exit?
what is the name of the train line?
what is the name of the airline?
what is written in in red above the door?
what does the red text say?
what airline is this?
what kind of plane is this?
what is the plane identification number on the side of the plane?
what is the name on the side of the boat?
what is the name of the boat in the rear?
what does the sail say?
what bank's logo is on the jet bridge?
what is the company on the plane?
what number can be seen on the box?
what street is this sign on?
what word is next to the legs?
what number is on the boat?
what is the name on the side of the boat?
what is the airline this plane is flying for?
what brand of cell phone store is it?
what month is this event taking place?
what is the first word in blue?
what time does the clock say?
what brand is the clock?
what time is the clock on the bottom right?
what number is at the top of the clock?
what time is on the clock?
what state is the license plate from?
what month was the plate issued?
what month does the phone display?
how much weight is on the scale now?
what is the company name that makes the scale?
what number is the small hand pointing at?
what is this sign telling you to do?
does the clock say it is 3:55?
time is 3.50?
what time is it, according to the clock?
what time is it?
what is the time on the clock?
what is the url at the bottom?
what time does the clock read?
what hand is the second hand pointing to?
what is the time on the alarm clock?
what time is shown on the box?
what time is on the red alarm clock?
what is the brand of the clock?
what is the copyright date at the bottom of the clock?
what character is shown on this clock?
what is printed above the mickey typeface?
what numbers can be seen on the clock?
what time is it?
what number is at the top?
is it after 10:00 on this clock?
what is the exact time on the clock?
what is the time shown?
what number is the small hand pointing to?
what number is the little hand on?
what time is it?
what time is it?
what time is it?
what is the hour?
what time is shown on the clock?
what time is it?
what is the time shown ?
isn't that a vintage clock?. i wish i can see the manufacturer's name?
what brand is the clock?
what time is it?
what time does the clock say it is?
what is written in the upper right hand corner?
what letter does the logo on the mouse look like?
what number is the yellow hand pointing near?
what brand is in the center?
what number does the big hand point to on the clock?
what number is the thinnest hand pointing to?
what time does the red clock say?
is the red clock a regina clock?
what time is shown?
what year was the brand established?
what time is it?
what number is the second hand on?
is that a clock?
what time is it?
what is the time on the clock?
is the name brand of the green clock jerger?
what time is the clock at?
the big and little and show that the time is what?
what time is it?
what brand of clock is this?
what number is the hour hand nearest to?
what time is shown on the clock?
what number is the minute hand pointing to?
what time is it?
what time does the clock show?
what does the text on the clock say?
what time is it on the nearest clock?
what time is on the middle clock?
what is the timer at?
what time is it?
what is written abovew the center of the clock?
what does this flour weigh?
brand name of printers in the the top of the picture?
what is on his hat?
what is the brand of orange backpack?
what is the word on the backpack?
what is the brand of the helmet?
what kind of parking is allowed?
what does the sign say at the bottom?
what is on the yellow awning?
what brand is the book bag?
what name is on the kid's backpack?
what brand of backpack is this?
what brand is the silver item?
what does the bag say on it's leather patch?
what brand is seen behind the man's head?
what brand of backpack is this?
what brand is the backpack on the right?
what brand of backpack is the man wearing?
what tv channel is referenced on this backpack?
whats the name on the bookbag?
what does the logo on the backpack say?
what country is this from/?
what brand of soda is in the side compartment of the backpack?
what is written on the strap on the backpack?
what brand is the backpack?
what brand is the red backpack?
what brand of bag is this?
what is the word on the letter l say?
what is the quote on the back of his shirt at the top?
what brand is the backpack from?
who is the copywrite on the photo?
what is this backpack in time for?
what holiday is mentioned?
what is the brand name on this backpack?
what does the man's backpack say?
what is the top word on the sign?
what are the large words on the white sign?
what is the word that means before?
what is the brand of backpack?
whose pack is the red one?
whose pack is the blue one?
what brand is the bag?
store name on this bag?
who makes this backpack?
what type of chocolate is seen?
what brand of chips are these?
is this the first or second glass?
what camp is the mug from?
what date is visible on the cup?
what school is this mug from?
what is the initials on the mug?
how many cups does this measuring cup hold?
how many ounces can the measuring cup hold?
are they reading death notices?
what is this chart all about?
what date is on this bottle?
what us state is on the bottle?
what type of beverage is inside the can?
what is the name of the beer?
is it beer?
what is the name of this brewery?
what does it say on the paper cup?
what is the name on the cup?
what kind of pastry is in the packaging?
how many donuts are in the package?
what year was the boat trip?
what kind of water is this?
is this water filtered?
what brand is on the cup?
what two things are being discussed in regards to pregnancy?
what really matters when getting pregnant according to this poster?
what kind of fries is the bucket for?
what three letters are in bold red?
does this have negative number readings?
what is the last number printed on the syringe?
what kind of alcohol is this?
what brand of wine?
what is written on the glass?
what brand of soda is this?
can this be recycled?
what does the measuring cup go up to?
what brand is shown on the bottle?
what is at the top of the glass?
what does the right glass say?
what letter is seen on the glass?
what brand of paint is this?
who chooses this kind of sealant?
what year was this painting produced?
what month was the painting produced in?
what is the top number on the beaker?
how many ml of liquid are in the glass?
what brand coffee is this?
what two letters are on the mug?
what is the first letter on the mug?
how many cups does this measuring cup hold?
what kind of measurements does it show?
do the labels start with ri?
what is the highest number measured with the instrument?
what is the lowest number measured with the instrument?
how many ml does this hold?
what brand is the beaker?
what is the name of the field?
which team plays at wrigley field?
the red can is what brand?
what brand is the beer?
what is the greatest cup measurement on the measurer?
what is the letter on the keychain?
what word is written in all capital letters?
how much can the cup measure at max?
what is in this jar?
what is in the glass?
what does the number at the bottom of the glass?
who produced the bottle on the counter?
what kind of glass is this?
what brand is shown?
how much liquid does this cup hold?
what dose is on the right side?
how many ounces of liquid are in the beaker?
is this cream in the container?
what is the brand?
how many ml is the green liquid?
how many ml is the gold liquid?
what measurement is the cup filled up to?
how big is the measuring cup?
what prefix can we see on the bottle on the left?
what is the lowest ml?
how many cups does this measuring cup hold?
what is the red writing on the bottom?
what is the capacity of this glassware?
what no. is this beaker?
what is the oil measurement?
what brand produced this measuring cup?
how much can the leftmost container measure?
what color is mayfair?
what color is sunny?
how many ml?
who makes the beaker?
how many ounces can this glass pitcher contain?
what number is the glass filled up to?
what is the measurement type?
what is written on those labels?
what temperature is the slide warmer set to?
what's the biggest measurements for ounces?
what letter is on the ball in the glass on the right?
how many ml of liquid are in the beaker?
where was this measuring cup made?
how many ml in this cup?
what is the brand of the cup?
what is the brand of the blender?
how large is this beaker?
what company made the beaker?
how much can this container hold?
what is the top oz?
what brand is this cup?
what is the number at the top?
what number is the liquid closest too?
what does the cup on the left say?
what does the cup on the right say?
what's the username on the cup in the middle?
what name is written on the cup on the very right?
how much vinegar is in that?
what is the lowest amount?
what's the brand name of this measuring cup?
what is the ounces below the letters y and r?
how many ml does the beaker hold?
what kind of farm is sundance?
what number is at the top of the sign?
what kind of village is this?
where is the village?
what company is advertising on this billboard?
what kind of product is calvin klein advertising?
what is the city name mentioned on the sign?
what beer is being advertised?
what letter is on the green candy's chest?
where is this university?
what awards is the billboard advertising?
what year is this event?
who does the charity attempt to help?
what is the company name on the right?
what is the store with the blue sign called?
what type of shop has the white sign with green letters?
where is the first place listed to see carmen jones?
what name is on the top of the picture?
what does the sign say on the building?
what company is the sign advertising for?
how many minutes does it take?
what city is the welcome sign for?
what city are you coming in to?
what is the slogan for this temple of love?
temple of what?
what do you think they have had enough off?
what is the company on the billboard?
what is the title at the bottom of the poster?
who  is presenting this event?
what is the drink advertised on the left?
what company has the sloan "call the world for less"?
what is the number of the station is listed?
what is strega's phone number?
what is the name of the restaurant?
what is on the billboard?
what is this sign for?
what city is this sign in?
what are those pictures of?
what brand is in the bottom right?
what word is in cursive on the red section?
what is the phone number on the sign?
what  place is the sign advertising?
is this for kdhx?
what is the purpose of this billboard with composers on it?
what is the white billboard in background for?
what is the first date for francis bacon?
who is being advertised?
what does the billboard say?
what city is on the sign?
what does it say this beer is?
what is the name of the brand of beer?
this is an advertisement for what laminated veneer wood product?
what kind of material does the company specialize in?
what is the name of the woman on the sign?
what does katy k produce?
what is the name of the dock?
what is one of the sponsors?
what is on the billboard?
what is the name of the store?
what does this store sell?
where is this sign being posted?
what station car park is here?
what can you park at selly oak station?
what is the address of the hotel?
what is the name of the hotel?
where was this picture taken?
what is the website shown?
which company produced this advertisement board?
what's the name of the movie being shown?
what is the name of the theater?
what amusement park is being advertised?
what kind of card can you get?
what kind of insurance is offered here?
what company has the auto insurance?
what city is the mini storage located in?
who'd be able to find their tax returns?
what is the name of this place?
is this an international stadium?
what hemisphere is this railway located at?
what line is that?
what is the phone number listed?
whose collaborative support facility will this be?
who are the partners involved?
what kind of shop is alcova?
what city is this store located in?
what is the largest number on display here?
what is the two words of text at the top?
what phone number should you call?
royal brunei what?
what days are free?
what office building is that?
how much is the bikini top?
what number is written in the lower right corner of the billboard frame?
what is the word in pink on the round ball?
what is the slogan for pepsi?
what does it want you to do?
what std is the billboard warning about?
what is the phone number to call for testing?
who hates the algorithm?
what brand is above the runner?
what is the brand being advertised in blue at the bottom?
what super hero is the sign advertising ?
when does superman return according to the sign?
what city is coming up?
what word comes before "to" on the sign?
what is the name on the pole?
who is this man?
what companies are advertising here?
how many companies are being shown in the billboard?
what does friendly's offer?
what brand is seen on the billboard?
what does the left ad say?
what number is printed on the top left corner of the largest billboard?
what website is shown on this billboard?
how many months of repayments are in the ad?
what is the company name?
how much does it cost for a biscuit?
what advert is that for?
what restaurant sign says, "get mugged"?
what restaurant name starts with long?
what color are the big letters in ?
what is the name?
what are the dates of this run?
what is written on the billboard?
who was the author of the saying on this billboard?
what is the last word on this billboard?
what beer is advertising on the bottom?
where is is the loreal company headquartered?
the sign says monday through when?
what tv channel is being advertised in the background?
can you please tell me which train station we're at now?
what does it say on the bottom?
what does this billboard tell you?
what city is shown on this sign?
what organization put this sign up?
who made this love painting?
what does the painting say?
what is the name of the street?
which way can i go?
who owns the billboard?
what brand is advertised?
what fast food restaurant is the sign for?
what is the name of the stadium?
what word is in yellow furthest to the right?
what store is this advert for?
what is this billboard advertising building?
who is the advert for?
welcome to which state?
what is the size of the white advertisement board?
what does true poetry care for?
what service provider is advertised below the billboard?
what word is in blue, on the blue box?
what number is on the ad?
what beer is being advertised here?
what is the name of the funeral home?
what happens on the billboard?
who is losing jobs to texas?
what business is that?
what movie is playing?
what is held back?
what is excluded in the sign?
what is the billboard advertising?
does this advertise the most in dry cleaning?
what does the store mainly sell?
what does the vandal say tories are?
which senator is this addressed to?
what three letter winery is displayed in the middle?
what color are the letters written in ?
what is written below the logo in the flag?
what is the road called?
how much does it cost for the services advertised?
what is the phone number on the billboard?
what type of force is this?
what is the website?
which way should you turn for this attraction?
what website is on the bottom?
how much is the chardonnay?
what type of alcohol is this?
what state is this fair located  in?
is this sign advertising the world's largest boar?
what restaurants are at the intersection?
what street is the intersection?
what movie is advertised for pre-order?
what will be answered, according to this movie poster?
what is the website listed on the sign?
what is the name of the credit union?
how should you use electricity?
what company is being advertised?
what number is indicated next to lap 3?
what is the tall black sign counting?
what is written on the white and red sign on the building?
what is the phone number on the advertisement?
what is the name of the company?
who is sponsoring this company? (name bottom right)?
what is the ad on the right?
what word is to the left of "hence" in white lettering?
what company is building on this land?
what word is in white and on a red background?
this dodge article claims to be what?
is the word rich mentioned to the left?
what is under the restaurant name?
what are the second pair of numbers after the word "at"?
what does ron gold support?
who is on the board?
what is the name of the restraunt on top called?
what ice cream do they have?
what is the name of one of the companies on the bottom left?
whats the restaurant?
what brand is on the sign?
what letter is on the red signs?
what is the domain name?
what year does the sign say?
what does the sign say?
what are they advertising?
what does the caption say?
is there indication of public parking?
what don't friends let friend do?
who should be stopped?
how many letters are in the name of this restaurant?
what is the name of this restaurant?
what numbers are under the words mexico on the sign?
is this a diagram?
what does the sign point an entrance to?
what is the name of the motel?
what restaurant has a drive thru?
what is the name of the restaurant?
what is written after the word wild on the sign?
what link is shown in yellow on the wild poland board?
which fast food restaurant is advertised on the red billboard?
what can you purchase in the market?
what is the name of the food in the image?
what is the cost of the samples of the product?
what is displayed on the billboard?
what is the name of the rv park?
what is the goal of these advertisements?
what year is written in read?
what company is the billboard advertising?
who will be singing at the concert?
what day of the week was this game?
is summer or winter mentioned?
what is this advertisement?
which radio station?
what is the name of this brand?
what president is listed?
is this the visitor's complex?
what is the web address on the sign?
what is the chinese writing mean?
what kind of contest is going on?
what is the brand name of the hot dogs?
what color is the water grill?
what famous search engine is named here?
what are they wishing you?
what days are discount days at this cinema?
is this cinema located in dayton?
what is only on the right side?
who is that in the sign?
in order to get the advertised price, is a contract required?
what is the washing machine's brand?
what does the screen say?
what city is on the sign?
what type of kitchen is the sign referencing?
what is the name of the kitchen?
do either of the lanes lead to portland?
what is the score?
what is the team name who holds the 17, 22, 43 score?
who's the president?
what does the number above the phone number say?
what bus stop is being advertised?
what is the name on the flag?
what kind of center is this?
what is the name of this store?
what type of cartoon is this?
what number is at the top of the sign?
what is the website mentioned?
what is the name of this fireworks company?
the billboard is advertising for?
which city is featured on the street sign?
does it snow a lot in this street?
what has been part funded by the european union?
what is this billboard trying to get you to visit?
what is global limousine network's phone number?
what fast food is being displayed on the bill board?
what is the name of the television show on the board?
what is the title of the advertised program?
what is the company?
what is wrote on the top left?
what is being advertised?
what is the phone number?
what brand of watch is being advertised?
what products does the sign say they give for free?
who owns the shell?
what does the sign say?
what is elevated?
what state is the rurai king in?
how much is the sprayer?
what is mcdonald's hiring for?
what is the name of the business?
what does the sign say?
what is on the blue sign?
what sponsor is written on the blue banner in yellow writing?
what is being advertised?
what letter is contained within the green conversation cloud?
what initials are listed on the red, square sign?
how many days a week is the red place open?
what is the number on the side of the machine?
is this a winter park resort?
what is the name of the hair studio?
do either of these signs have "general food" on them?
what brand is next to nitto?
does raytheon build bombs?
what network is the show on?
what time is the parent teacher conference?
what is to the right?
what is on the line?
what is the url in the picture?
what company is advertised here?
what is the name of the section?
what type of business is featured on the sign?
what days is this bank open?
what is the name of the bank?
what is summit academy oic's motto?
which lab is on the sign?
what is offered by this airline?
what is the slogan in the bottom right corner?
what is the first track on disc five?
what store is selling this item?
what television company is listed below the billboard?
what city is on the sign?
what convention is on the brown sign?
what state is mentioned on this business's sign?
what casino or hotel is pictured?
what brand is this advertisement for?
what is the phone number on the billboard?
what slogan is written on the bottom of the leisure concepts sign?
what is the name of this festival?
what is the date of this festival?
what is on the cup?
where is this?
what sponsor is on the billboard?
does at and t sponsoring these fireworks?
what is the name of the building below the large sign?
what does the large sign read?
what is on mountain ash road?
what road is bungonia state conservation area on?
what tire company brand name sign is displayed?
what is this poster advertising?
who did it save?
what does the sign say matters?
what is the name of his borough?
what is the arch made of?
what is the company name?
what does the billboard say?
what is bikini beach  the home of?
what beach is this?
what is on the 2 signs?
what website is on the white board?
what's the quote below the yahoo logo?
what is the word that comes after arte?
what is the name of this place?
what does napa daily mean above the white haired man mean?
what word is on the top of the sign?
who does the property belong to?
what is written on the poster on the far right?
what is the name of the building?
what restaurant has an administrative office in this building?
what is loved?
what is the name of the store featured on this billboard?
what is the address of this store?
what event is on july 12 and 14th?
what is the name of this place?
which city was this posted in?
where is the event located?
what is the year on the event?
what message is depicted in the sign by the side of the road?
which website sponsored the sign?
what is the name of this food cart?
what should they build together?
what country did they make it in?
what is the schools mascot?
what does the sign welcome you to?
what is the lowest sentence on the right?
what percentage do you get off on monday?
what colored word can be seen on the billboard?
who are we meeting in the billboard?
does the classic co bar and grill have great food?
what is the name of the bar?
what university is this?
what year is displayed?
what is the name of the restaurant on the sign?
the sign says restaurant & what?
who is the owner of the bbq restaurant?
what brand of drink is on the billboard?
does the store on the bottom sell furniture?
how many more miles ahead is this place?
what are they raising?
what is the website shown?
what is the next exit number?
go straight on towards what city?
what kind of food does this store sell?
what is sold at starkey's?
what is the name of the movie theater?
what company owns the theater?
what is the first word on this sign?
what club is this?
is the london to brighton run a train?
what lanes should i be in if i want to go on 215 south?
what direction would you go if you took 3500 south?
what number do you call for guided tours?
is this the lost isle bay cruise?
what chain hardware store is here?
what is the name of this restaurant?
what cafe are we being welcomed to?
what is the temperature shown here?
how can you visit dunkin donuts?
what is written at the top in the red bar?
what does it say on the flag?
what pub is that?
when is the wing special?
what is happy hour?
do they grill here?
what is the line on the bottom of the sign?
what is painted on the wall?
what st is named?
how long will it take to get to greenwich?
where is this advertising say it is going?
this way to where?
what year does this sign advertise?
what does the sign say at the top?
what is the billboard stating is real?
what interstate is the sign for?
when can you dedicate a song?
what is the url they want you to go to?
which name sounds similar to a true blood character?
what number anniversary are they celebrating?
what kinds of foods does the diner serve?
do they serve hot dogs here?
what is the highest bus number that stops at this stop?
what is the lowest bus number that stops at this stop?
where can you park?
what kind of show is being advertised?
where is the flower and garden show being held?
what is the web address where you can shop online?
when is santa in town for his christmas tour?
what is the phone number for the connecting line bbs?
what brand is on the big bill board?
when was new madrid founded?
what town is this?
what is the name of the top band in the image?
what is the second-lowest band shown in yellow?
what is this meeting for?
what country is this us headquarters in?
what is the name of the attorney?
what is the company name on the billboard?
what is the url?
what store is shown on the fading sign?
what is the temperature?
what is the name of the store on the top sign?
what type of clearance is being advertised?
what type of service does the tailor shop offer?
what is the phone number for the tailor?
how much is the angus third pounder?
what restaurant is the billboard advertising for>?
what soda brand is shown on the x factor billboard?
what store is advertised on the right>?
what kind of supplies do they sell?
what is the number on the sign?
what is ryan's last name?
what actor is on the billboard?
what is the tom cruise movie being advertised?
what type of hotel stay is being advertised?
what type of stay is stay america?
what area is to the right?
is rental cars straight ahead?
what restaurant is this?
what is the name of the pole?
what is the phone number for the establishment?
what does the first two words at the top say?
what is the brand name on the blue banner at the top of the image?
what number is on the red banner?
what website is show on the board?
who is the artist on the billboard?
what does the ad say?
what company is on the billboard?
what is the word in the search box on this billboard?
what is the sign?
what is the name on the board?
what is the phone number?
what is the building number?
how much are beverages?
what is the name of service provider on the billboard?
what is inside?
what type of exit is this?
what is written in the pink letters?
what company is advertised on this billboard?
what does the cradle of humankind refer to?
what number is on the bottom left of the billboard?
what website is being advertised?
what channel is the show on?
what is the station name?
is there danger in the area?
what does the text say in red?
what kind of police dept?
what car company is on the top advertisement?
how much does it cost to use this car park?
what event is it?
what does the graffiti say on the bottom?
what does the billboard want people to vote?
how many people are mentioned?
where does the trams go to?
what does hollinwood represent?
what is written on the bottom sign?
what kind of rate is the parking?
whats the parking name?
what specifically is volvo selling here?
what company is this sign for?
what hurts albert park?
how much money was lost last year?
what language is in the writings?
which sandwich chain do they have inside this gas station?
what type of food is served at the restaurant?
what month is it on the sign?
what university is this?
what does it say under the word entrance?
what state is advertised on this billboard?
how much are women paid per $1 a man is paid?
what city is up ahead?
what are the numbers on the left sign?
what type of exhibition is promoted by the bbc in the poster on the right?
what restaurant is in this theme park?
what does the restaurant serve?
what type of property is this?
what brand is represented on the red rectangle?
what name comes after old?
what town is this?
keep sheffield what?
what do the letters spell?
what word is displayed on the sign in white letters?
does this restaurant have a drive through?
yes drive thru available?
what's the name of the guy on the billboard?
what is the largest word on the billboard?
what is wrote on the top left above the triangle?
what must every passenger have to travel on the metrolink?
which market is on the billboard?
what is the km?
what year is listed on the poster?
what is the street name?
what is the block number of harrison street?
what name is the banner advertising?
what is advertisement on the bottom right?
who makes the burritos?
what type of food is available here?
what is this billboarding saying?
whats the name of the billboard?
what is the phone number of als auto body?
what type of company is als auto body?
what kind of tubs do they sell?
what cigarette brand is being advertised?
is elkharton a resturant?
which castle does the sign refer to?
what does this sign say?
what does the ad say?
what is the first stop after leaving the station?
what bank sponsored the board?
who is the rising star on the billboard?
raise the what?
is this sign about adoption in san fransisco?
does burger king sponsor american idol?
does this burger king have a drive thru?
what line is mentioned on the sign?
what names are advertised on the white poster with red writing?
what day does urgent care open?
what kind of establishment is willie mae's?
what is the name of the restaurant?
is the poster in english?
what is the amount of money shown on the sign?
who is pictured on the billboard?
what words are in light blue on the billboard?
what store is advertised on the billboard?
what does it say above the star?
what is written on the neck of the bottle on this sign?
what is the ad for?
where is the patent already obtained?
what doesthe company slinto do?
what is one of the locations to the left that the sign mentions?
what is on the sign on the top right?
what year is mentioned in the sign?
what is the title on this billboard?
what does the sign say?
what is the title of the firm?
what club is this?
what type of desert does the restaurant serve?
what is the name of the place?
when does "game of thrones" start on hbo?
what company owns this billboard?
what is not being issued today?
what is the date on the sign?
who is the phone number?
what years are posted here?
how many big words are there?
what kind of pig does it say it is?
what company is this ad from?
what season is shown on this billboard?
when does this store close?
what is the name of the store?
what group has sponsored this sign?
what is schaeffler group sponsoring?
what is the name written in red on the billboard?
what two letters are written in green on the green sign?
what type of item is sold at this store?
what is the phone number of this business?
what does the advertisement compare storage room to liking?
what is the phone number given on this billboard?
what does the logo say?
what is written on the glowing blue signs?
does this place sell bricks in wholesale lots?
what does the arrow say?
what is the name of this place?
what are the words in green neon?
what is the name of this park?
what is the title of this musical?
who is the screenwriter at the top left?
what is the title of the back, right book?
how much does it cost to attend the party on this flyer?
in what country did the killings happen?
what is the title of the book?
what do these agree with?
what volume number is the book they are playing with?
what is the name of the green book?
who illustrated the book?
who authored the book?
what is the alcohol volume in this whiskey?
what kind of liquor is in this bottle?
when is national roller skating month?
what kind of certificate is this?
what is the first letter of her first name?
what was his original name?
on what day is los tetas performing?
what is the title of the book?
what cities orchestra played on this?
what is the name of the orchestra?
what is the book about?
what is the title of the cookbook?
who is the artist?
what brand is advertised at the bottom of the picture?
what kind of winds are shown?
is this a copy of sacrifices made by sailors?
what is the title of the book?
is this by paulo coelho?
what is the title of the book?
what is the name of this house?
what is mentioned at the bottom?
who wrote tales from underwood?
what is the title of the book?
what is the first word on the card in the bottom right?
what is the book trying to say?
what key can you press?
who is the singer?
who is one of the authors?
what does it say in the red square?
what country is this in?
how many copies of the book were made?
who wrote this book?
what does the word on his face say?
whats the title of the book?
what city is this book about?
who wrote the book hanoi?
what is the title of the black leather book?
what is the name in yellow?
what first name is mentioned at the top of the right page?
which choir is featured on the first column?
who was the publisher of this comic?
what is the story line of this comic?
what volume is the mostly red book?
what is in blue on this book?
what will words break?
what is the name of the gang on the book?
which classes are listed here?
what was this list written in?
what kind of social studies book is this?
what is the name of the book?
is la beaute' the name of this book?
what is written on the blue sign?
what is the title of this?
who is the musician of the record?
what is this book about?
who is the author of the book?
what is the name of this series of books?
what is the highest vol. shown in these books?
what page is this?
what is the third word on the text at the top?
who wrote this?
what is this book's title?
what is ruby gloom's guide for?
what page number is the pages on?
what kind of ways to sharpen your english are in this book?
who wrote that book?
what book did r.v. cassill author, other than pretty leslie?
what is the title of one of the books on the shelf?
what kind of database management can you learn about in the blue book?
what is written in the bottom of the picture?
what is the largest word on the black page?
what is the largest words on the white page?
what is the title of the book written by eleanor leonard?
what is the subtext on the purple atheism book?
what book is ashlee holding up?
who is the author of this book being shown?
which page is the page on the right on?
what is the title of the book?
is there a book by heinlein here?
what is the authors name who wrote dom scripting?
what is the book dom scripting about?
what kind of cover art does the book blue note contain?
what is the title of the book with a red spine?
what is the name of this book?
who wrote the book?
what is the title of the book?
is this a children's book?
what is the name of the band in the poster?
what is the title of that green book?
what is the name of this book?
the macmillan company did this book in what year?
what is the title of this book?
who is the author?
what is the title of the book?
what is a teapig?
what is the title of the book?
what is the title of the trade show file?
what is the word on the red book?
what is the title of the book by seiwer kustenmacher?
what is advertised on the board?
how many boxes of pizza are there?
who is the composer?
what number is in parenthesis on the top of the page?
what book is that?
who wrote this?
what is the title of the book?
what ailment are they advertising to help with?
what is the name of the product in this magazine?
what is the title of this book?
with what word does the featured prayer end?
what word is in bold letters to the right?
how much did this comic cost?
what edition is this book?
what is the name of the movie with the white cover?
nick cave and the who?
who is the author of the book with the lion on the cover?
what is written on his hat?
what is the title?
who wrote 'detroit city is the place to be'?
what is the title of the white book?
who wrote the book?
what's the name of the book?
what's the name at the top of the right page?
who is one of the authors shown here?
who wrote the book on etiquette?
who wrote estonia?
who wrote this book?
what is the title of the book?
are all those books by the same author?
what is the title of the big black book?
what is the title of the book on the top?
what type of matter is the outside book about?
what type of review is showing on the paper?
what is the most recent book of maja suderland?
what is the word in the center at the bottom?
what is the latest year of records recorded in these books?
what is the title of the left book?
what should you do proudly?
fart proudly contains who's writings?
is adidas at the top of the left page?
what are these?
what kind of talisman's is the book about?
what is the name of the book?
what is the title?
who wrote the review for this book?
what is the title?
what page is this book on?
what is the chapter name?
is that book in a foreign language?
who is zero in this book?
what is the heading on this page?
what chapter are they reading?
what car maker is this for?
which way is left?
what numbers are on the bottom of the right page?
what is the name of this components manufacture?
how many mm is the one on the right bottom box?
what percent is the chocolate bar?
is this maitre chocolatier?
what country is the red book in the center about?
what city is on the book all the way to the left?
how many pupils were abused?
who abused the pupils?
what book did richard hawkins write>?
what is the title shown on page 152?
what is the page number?
what kind of coloring book is pictured?
what is the topic of the large green book?
is this about popeye?
what is the title of this book?
what size paper is in the notebook?
what is the title of this book?
what is the author's name from the cover of the book?
what is the title of the book?
what is the book title of the largest red book?
what is the book on the middle shelf about?
which language are the books on the top shelf written in?
what is the main text on the orange card?
what is the left page number?
who authored "things fall apart"?
what name is on the book the woman is holding?
who is the author for this book ?
what is the title of the book?
what first name is written inside this book?
what year was this picture taken?
what section is closest to you?
what is the name on the book?
what kind of landscape?
what is the first word at the top of the flyer?
what is this magazine asking you to defend?
who, "unveils secular fundamentalism"?
what book page is that?
who edited this book?
what is the title of this book?
what is the book brand name?
what subject is on the top shelf behind the speaker?
what book is this?
what is the title of the brown book on the shelf?
what is one of the books called?
is lulu a book publisher?
who did dean martin introduce?
what does it say in parentheses on the bottle?
what goes crunch in this recipe?
what kind of magazine is this?
what is the title of the book on the far right?
what is the name of the white book all the way to the left?
when was this publushed?
what did the girl want, according to the poster?
who is the author of this book?
which edition is this?
what is the book title?
who wrote speak like churchill, stand like lincoln?
what is the title of the bottom book?
what is the girl's name?
who wrote the book?
what kind of fishing is this book about?
what is eddie's last name?
what college is shown on the binders?
what are they building?
name a band from one these cds?
all the books are written by whom?
what is the title of the top book?
who wrote made in america?
who is the author of all the king's men?
what auto brand is on this flyer?
what's the title of the book?
what is the authors' last name?
what is the name of this book?
what name is on the gold book in the left picture?
what is the name of a newspaper?
what is the title of one of the articles?
which record is that?
whatsthename on thebox?
who is the author of the book?
what is the title of the red book in the image?
what is the right book called?
what page is the book opened to?
what does the first bolded word say?
what type of tag is in the title of the comic?
who edited this red book?
what volume is this?
what is the title of the book with the green stem?
what is the title of the book?
who is the author?
what is the title of the book?
are both students and professors mentioned on the cover?
who wrote the book "a separate peace"?
what's the name of the library on the red box?
what are the 2 words at the top right page?
which edition is this?
what fish is being served?
what is fresh according to the sign?
is this text in english?
what's the first word on the back of the guy's shirt?
what is on the back of the white shirt?
what is the title of the black magazine?
who wrote sylvie and bruno?
what is the authors name of these books?
who wrote this book?
is that a taxi?
what game is advertised on the bottom poster?
who is the author of the book?
what is the title of the book?
what page number is this?
what do things do?
what is the rest of the last name of the author pema?
what is the book 2nd from the left called?
what state is on the orange book?
who wrote this book?
what is the title of the large orange book?
who wrote zero?
who who this book?
what's the last word of the title of the book?
is this a bottle of stout?
what year ad is it?
what month is the ad?
what books has nicholas negroponte written?
who authored the book?
what words did slim omit from her vocabulary?
what is the last word in this whole paragraph?
what is the name on the image in the top banner, right hand side of the image?
what year was the book made?
what is the title on the right page?
what kind of fiction is featured here?
what is the large box set of?
what video game is visible?
what is the name of the book that is upside down?
who is the author of the light blue and white book?
what company published the sonatine dvd?
what is the topic of the lecture?
what us city is cited at the bottom of the page?
what is the title of the book with the neon orange number on the spine?
how many checkmate combinations are there?
what event is this advertising?
what month is on the ad?
what is the title of the second page?
what is peace?
what is slavery?
what is this a blueprint of?
what word is written at the very bottom left of the right page?
what page is this book on?
what publication does mastering mattes belong to?
what is this magizine trying to create?
who wrote this book?
what game is this article talking about?
what is the title of the book?
what decade is on soul expedition?
who wrote these books?
what is this book designed to increase?
is this book about effective or ineffective ways?
what does the white circle say?
what is the website on the powerpoint?
what is the book about?
no work, all what?
what number is on the white books?
which studio published the collection on the left?
what is the title of this page?
what country is this coffee from?
what is the title of the white book with red writing?
what is the title of the blue book and white letters?
what does it say at the top of each poster?
who is the author of the book?
what is the name of the book?
who edited staying alive?
what is the name of this book?
who wrote this book?
who is the author sitting on the right?
what is the name of the white magazine?
what pages did the reader stop on?
what is the title on the middle of the page on the right?
who is the author?
whats the name of the book?
does that say 2013?
what is the womans name?
the board game that says zach who is with him?
what is the name on the the white box?
of what social media is this book about?
who wrote twitter power?
what book is the book open to?
who is the last author listed?
who authored catch 22?
what word is above "kook?"?
what is the location?
what year did this event take place in?
who wrote the top left book?
what is the name of the park in the title of this book?
who wrote the book?
whose bench is shown in the image?
who should you support?
what is the book called?
who is the author?
what is the verse number on the very top right?
what is the brand name of the yellow product?
what is the title of the red book on the bottom shelf?
who is this message from?
when was this sent?
what is the title of the book?
what is the subheading of the book?
what is the title of one of the books shown here?
what is the blue book?
what classic book is being shown on the pages?
what is the number at the top in red?
what is the title of the book?
what publication owns the building in the background?
what is the price of this book?
whose famous story is this?
what is the issue of the magazine after the small gap?
what is kevin's title?
what kind of candy is this?
where is this chocolate made?
whats on the illboard?
what website is on the sign?
what website is the book about?
what is the album name for the sex pistols?
what kind of patrol?
who wrote this work?
what's the name of the magazine at the bottom?
who wrote "the vanishers"?
who wrote "beyond binary"?
what kind of dreaming does the first book talk about?
who wrote the first book?
who's the author of this book?
what is the title of this book?
what is this a guide to?
what is the title of the periwinkle book?
who is the author of the blue book?
what volume is this?
who wrote the white book at the front of the picture?
what are these books about?
what is the title of the left book?
what type of finish?
what is written on any of the materials shown?
how many bars are in the variety pack box?
what brand of peanuts are in the blue box on the bottom?
what is the address?
what city is this in?
what year is this?
what is the name of the first book?
what should be stretched?
how many are at risk according to the paper?
what is the name of this publication?
what number is written in pen at the top right corner?
what services company is shown?
what kind of foundry is it?
what is the title of the book?
what is the year of the text?
who wrote programming ruby?
who wrote highly effective people?
what's the number at the top right of the book on the left?
which section of the newspaper is displayed?
what is the title of the article?
who is the author for neuroethics book?
what precious stone is listed on the book with the giraffe?
who is full of eagerness to work?
what is written in bold on the top of the left page?
does this soda contain sugar?
which publication is this?
how much does this cost?
what section of the store is that?
what is the name of the first ps4 game?
is this in english?
what was he getting used to in the top right box?
what is the title?
what major website does the link send you to?
what month was this signed on?
what year is the book?
what brand are these instructions for?
what word is on the page of hte book?
what kind of sister is she?
who wrote this book?
what type of system is described in the book on the bottom shelf?
what is the blue book on the back shelf about?
what is the title of the book?
who is the publisher of this book?
what is the top line of the page on the left?
what is the title of the chapter?
what page number is this?
what expert level books are shown here?
what kind of expert book is shown?
what is the name of the magazine in the stack?
what does it say in the purple box?
what is the title of the novel on the shelf by philip k dick?
what magazine is from 1961?
are the songs in the book in english?
what kind of system is mentioned on the box in the middle?
how many bottles of cabernet sauvignon are in the starter kit?
what is the title of this chapter?
who is the author?
who wrote,"mexico south"?
where is the coffee from?
what was lost?
who wrote reality check?
how many points do the hawks have?
what is the score of the game?
what profession is the subject of the book depicted here?
what is the title of this book?
what is the time of the photo?
which phone brand is here?
what is the right book title?
what letter is the giant text art?
how did marshal rondon lose part of his foot?
what former president was injured saving two canoes?
who is the new king of social media?
what is a king of social media?
was patrik the author of the magazine?
what state is this table wine from?
is there cursive writing on the pages?
who penned the novel?
what is the title of the book?
what is shown in the white poster?
what is being said on the plaque?
who is performing?
what's the name of this movie?
who is in this?
what is the title of the text?
how much did this issue cost?
what is the title of the book?
what language is this mostly written in?
what is written in the top right panel, with the strange looking crows?
what canadian city is on the poster?
is this talking about a student vote?
what is the title of the book?
who illustrated this book?
what is this chapter's title?
what is one of the adjectives mentioned on the sign?
what are the numbers?
who are the authors of the bottom book?
what is the name of the second to last book?
what is the first word of the last paragraph on the right page?
what type of machine is this?
what does the knob on the left control?
what are these books?
when was book 45 wrote?
what is the title of the article?
what is the name of this chapter?
what is the date given?
what are the titles of these books?
who wrote the book on the top in the middle?
the author of this book is?
what will happen to trespassers?
who will be shot on sight?
what is this famous new york-based magazine?
who is pictured on the cover of the book?
who wrote the book?
who edited this?
what is the title of the book with the insect on the cover?
what comic is this?
what year was this published?
where's lois lane?
why can't she pull up the car?
how much did this ticket cost?
who is the author?
how much money is it in the bottom right?
why type of cooking is the book on the left?
how many curries can you find in the book on the table?
who illustrated this book?
what is the title of the book?
what is the book promising?
what is the website printed on the right?
what is the title of this book?
who released this publication?
how many versions of section 25 are shown on these pages?
what is the title of the page on the right?
who wrote. "american empire"?
what is the title of the top left book?
what is being sold on this menu?
what is the top word on the menu?
what time is the wedding reception?
what does this book help you do?
what is the title of this game?
what year was this password issued?
what number is on the passport?
is that a red cross vest?
what is the title of the chapter?
the title is how to service fluorescent lamps?
what kind of greetings does the card mention?
what year this picture was taken?
what is the name of the blue book?
what letter is next to the heart?
who is the author of the second book?
what color is the word "squander"?
what are the names of the two books?
which book did alyssa lopez author?
what is the name of the third tape?
what is the word on the first tape to the right?
what kind of metal is the case?
which city is named in the publication?
what is the last word of the last page?
is this a collection of old letters?
what is the name on the blue board?
is talon net a comic book?
who is the superhero on the poster?
what is the first word on the page?
what is the second word on the page?
who produced the album?
what is the subject of the book in the back row with the purple cover?
what is the hashtag on the bottom book?
what word is visible on the white sign in the top corner?
is that a camera?
what is this guide for?
what's the word very top left page?
what is the title of the book on top of the pile?
what is edition of the cyberlaw?
what is this manual for?
who is the manual authored by?
what is the name of the author?
what is the first word in the title?
what color is that writing on the white paper ?
what topic is the book going down about?
what is the recipe on this page for?
what page number is this recipe located on?
what is this advertisement for?
what is the magazine title?
who is pictured with the us flag on the left page?
what movie franchise is the theme of this passport?
what is the date on this?
where is the man with the top hat running in the last panel?
 is manduck the name of this comic?
what is the first real name listed?
what is the title of this page?
what is the first sentence of this article?
who is the author of the orange book?
who is the author of the book?
what is the title of the book?
who wrote these novels?
what is the title of the magazine in the upper right?
what proof alcohol is this?
who wrote this book?
what is this series called?
what is the letter in bold at the top?
what is the name of the book with a railroad crossing on it?
what's the first word on the left page?
what is the number on the top left corner?
what is the title of the book?
is this a book of short stories?
what doe those decorations say?
what is the registration fee for this website?
what type of "week" is shown at the top?
how many hours free is on the top right package?
who's promotions are these?
where can you party with jablow?
how much is the slice of gouda?
what brand of cheese are these?
what is the product in the clear plastic container?
what is in the box?
what is the title of this book?
who is the author of the book?
what is the name of the book?
who is the author?
who is the author of this book?
what is the book title?
what is the title of the book?
what is the title at the top left corner of the page?
are these psalms?
what is the name of this book?
did that sign on the right say two headed kid?
what game system is this for?
who wrote "de aqui se sale"?
what is the name on the three pens?
who is the author of the green book?
who is the author of the book on the left?
what chapter is the person on?
what page is the book on?
what is the name of the bright red book in the middle?
what has been pricked?
who wrote these poems?
the title of the book is?
what year was this printed in?
what is the title on the page?
what is the title of magazine?
what issue number is the magazine?
who wrote this book?
what is the name of the book?
what page number is on the right?
who provides commentary in this work?
when is the election?
the women's literary society is based in which county on this book cover?
what is in the lemon grove?
what musical is being performed here?
what film company sponsors this musical?
who wrote little pig joins the band?
what's the title of the black book?
who is the author of the blue book on the left?
what type of women is the bottom tape?
what tape is on the bottom left?
what magazine is hanging behind the fan?
what is the main subject of the journal entry?
what is the isbn for this entry?
what center is being referenced by the sticker on the front of the table?
what do the agcenter do?
what other books has orson scott card write?
what is the title of the book/?
what is that a box of?
is that a 1541 floppy drive in the bottom left?
is this book about a pack of animals?
does it talk about the iceland gull?
what is the first letter of the first word of his dialogue?
what genre is this book?
what year was this book written?
what should we use when looking at the junk?
what kind of encyclopedia is this?
what is the name of the book?
what is the name of the bottom left card?
what is the middle newspaper called?
which book is that on top?
who wrote the top two books?
what is the name of the book on the table?
who was the survey edited by?
what's the title of the survey?
what is the brand of green tea?
what is this book about?
what cemetery is mentioned?
what is the title of the top left book?
which country is the travel guide about?
who is the publisher of the book?
whats the title of the slim blue book in the middle of the two red books?
what is the title?
what kind of soul?
what's the name on these nametags?
what name is on the yellow business card?
what is the latin title of the book?
what is the title of the comic book?
what big word appears in the yellow box?
what brand name is on the box?
whose name is written above "this is all you need"?
what's the title of the second article?
what is the caption just below the top left picture?
what book did elin morgan write?
what is the title of the book on the right?
what's the title of the books in the middle?
what is the title or author of the red book?
who are the members of joy division?
what band is listed on the image?
what is the title of this book by jonah lehrer?
who published this book?
is there a black flag poster up there?
what is the title of the top left cover?
what is the text at the bottom of the book?
what is the brand in the white box?
what is the name of these markers?
what year is the right, white book from?
what is the red number?
which famous author is being discussed?
who wrote, "el mercader de cafe"?
what is the title of this novel?
what is the title of the book?
who is the author?
what is the address on the flyer?
what number is this comic?
what is the title of the comic book?
name one book on this table?
who wrote fugitive fingerprints?
what name is next to the 176 on the left page?
what kind of pepitas are those?
how much are the pretzels?
what letters are written in red?
who wrote the top book?
what is the page number of the book?
what is the title of this page?
which page is the book on?
where is this magazine published?
what is the name of the magazine?
what is the title of the book on the far left?
what country does the book say is the land of frogs?
what is the name of the collection of art being talked about?
what is the title?
what is the design called on these bags?
what volume number is the book?
what is the title of the book?
what organization's review is shown on the bottom of the cover?
what pages is the book flipped to?
what is the title of this book?
what is the first word after the title?
what is the first word of chapter 2?
what is this cracker's name?
what should you drink, according to the words in orange?
who authored this book?
what is in those boxes?
what type of drink is in the green bottles?
what does this book help you break into?
what book is he reading?
who is the author of the book the boy is reading?
what is the name of the article?
what is that website written on the pages?
what is the editor's first name?
what is the title?
who is striking back over abuse?
what is this paper on the table?
what is the information in the yellow binder about?
what are they not connected to>?
what religion is this quote about?
what type of deficiency does this section of the book discuss?
what page is the book on?
what does the only french phrase on the page mean when translated into english?
what is that say in the book?
what word is the child pointing at?
what does the sticky note with the heart on it say?
what is the name of the book with the girl on it?
what is the name of the comic?
which page was this printed on?
what is the name of the professor on the spine of the book?
what is the article mentioning life without?
how many concerts are in this piece of music?
what do the two columns say?
what is the title of section 1.9?
what is printed in the line underneath the word "beethoven" in the title of this music album?
what is the book title?
what is the title of the novel?
what are these books mostly about?
when did ken w. brown die according to the poster?
what are the names of these shades of lip color?
how  many cool lips are in this product?
what are the titles of the books?
what is written on the green background of the book muhabbet olsun?
who is the woman in the center of the image?
what is in the last bubble on the right?
who prepared this?
what is the title of this piece of writing?
what chapter is the book open to?
what is the big word?
who is the artist?
what is the book name in the middle?
what is the brand name of the phone?
what is the name of the game on the top right?
what are these movies or games?
who are the authors of "lines on the underground"?
what is the name of the author?
what company published this magazine?
which company probably shipped this book?
at what point does the machine conceal itself?
how much does the full system cost?
whats the amount on the page?
what is the name of one of the books?
what is the name of the newspaper article?
which letter has an accent over it in the biggest word?
what does the page tell you to be?
where was this product made?
what is the title of the book (full)?
who is the author of this writing?
does the sticker in the top left say "best"?
what does the sign say?
what is written in bold text half way down the page on the right of the divider?
what is the large black bird referenced by this book title?
what is black?
what two activities are listed on the book, at the top of the red part of the image?
what country is cited on the pink book?
what words are inside the purple box to the left?
what percentage of water is the person you love?
what is called this art?
what is that book called?
who wrote this book?
what does it say in purple text on the white book?
who is the author?
what is the name of the book?
who wrote this book?
who wrote this book?
what movie does this cd contain the soundtrack to?
who created the music?
are all the books the same titles ?
what is the titel of the black book?
what is the date of this event?
what is the name of this book?
what is the date under the image of the book?
what kind of coloring book?
who wrote that book?
simenon is the master of what?
how many senses does they green say your browers could have?
what is the title of the top book?
what is the title of the bottom book?
what type of books are on the shelf?
how many years has the drapers company been around?
what year did the root & branch started?
who is the editor?
what is the last word on this page?
what is the name of this book?
who is the author of this novel?
what is the first latin word on the facing page?
what is the name of the magazine?
who prepared the top pamphlet?
what kind of advice is given in the blue and white pamphlet?
what day is the show?
what is the name of the game that the person is reading instructions for?
what game is she playing?
who wrote beginning logic?
in what book of the bible can those passages be found?
who posted this picture on social media?
who wrote the book titled foundations of statistical natural language programming?
what is the bottom righthand book title?
what is the title of the book?
how much does it cost to buy this magazine?
what kind of tales are these?
what is over?
what is the title of the orange and black book?
what is the date of the picture?
what's the title of the pink book?
do you understand the writing on the book covers?
what famous movie can be seen in the bottom row in yellow letters?
what's the name of the first comic?
how much did world's finest comic cost?
what brand of manual is shown?
who's the actor on the dvd?
what is the tagline for this movie?
what is this the classic guide to?
what is the title of this book?
what is the title of the book?
what is the word following orlando?
what battle is this?
who wrote this book?
what is the title of the book?
who is the author?
what type of advisor is speaking?
who is the author of this  book?
what is this book called?
what is the title of this album?
what is the name of this book?
what word is written at the bottom of the cover?
what has the book been updated for?
who wrote this book?
what has begun?
what are the children working in, on the right page?
what is the first word on the magazine in the center top of the image?
is that comic a marvel comic?
what is the name of the newspaper?
what is the name of the magazine?
what is the brand of the keyboard in the bottom right?
what number is on the man's shirt sleeve?
this says idiots what?
what cinema was this picture taken in?
what is the drama name advertised here?
what is the title of the book?
what kind of dictionary is that?
what is the first percentage in the paragraph?
what is the name of the main character in the book?
who authored the book?
who wrote this comic book?
what month was the comic published?
what is the first word on the left page?
what is the title of this album?
what is the number shown on the upper right hand corner?
are these boks?
what is the blue word at the top of the book?
according to this book, use of what?
what unit is the book turned to?
what is the first word on the left hand page?
who wrote this book?
what does one of the posters say, on the right?
what are the three letters in a circle, on the strip of black advertising?
what are the first three numbers on the phone number?
what is the title of this snippet?
what is the title of the book?
is this an old book?
what country is the letter from ?
who's name is on the envelope?
what place sucks?
what is the year on the coin on the right page?
do they have cyber empires?
what is the name of the game on the left?
where is the sale located?
is this about a used book sale ?
are all of the movies in the frame gory?
who wrote the book on top?
what is the name of the academy?
what is the title of the book on the bottom left?
what is the title of the orange book?
what is the name of a movie?
what is the top dvd?
what footnote was made in the margin?
who made the ceramic tea kettle?
what is on the mug?
what book shown here did jay lake write?
what number is in green on the spine?
what inhabited their songs?
what number is this?
waht is the title of the book?
what government document can i use this for?
what type of document is this?
who wrote twitterature?
what kind of survival guide is the book on the left?
where is the troll located at in the movie?
who stars in jack frost?
what color is the linux book on the right?
what is the title of the white book?
who wrote "how to serve?"?
what is the title of the book?
who is the author of the book?
what 3 ways can you innovate?
what is written at the bottom of the page?
what word do the individual, big letters on the second page spell out?
what letter is on the second clothespin on the right?
what years is the weekly notebook made for?
what is the name of the pink color book?
what is the name of the left book?
who's sonata is this?
what is the title of the book?
is this a college textbook?
what book is this?
who is the author of this book?
what is the title of the book?
persuading people to make?
what language is this book in?
who took this photo?
what's the title of the rightmost book?
where was this tea made?
which flavor of tea is in the package?
how much does a plate of food cost?
what juice shop is mentioned?
what page is the book turned to?
what is the first word on the page?
what does the book say to do to the summit?
what is the date up top?
what language has been used?
what kind of game is this?
how many players is this game for?
what are the titles of these magazines?
whose house is it?
how many people own the house?
is there a book titled "trees" on the table?
what company is written at the top of the shortest stack?
which month is this showing?
what color is the woman?
what is the title of the book on the right?
what is the largest word in the image in terms of visibility?
which brewer is mentioned on the white paper?
who is the artist who drew the cartoons?
what word can you make from the first three letters?
who isn't real?
what is the title of this piece?
what year did kandinsky paint this?
what word is in the statue?
what is the symbol?
which beethoven symphony is this?
what's at the top of the right page?
what number is written next to the top line on the right?
this is a diary?
coexist brings a message of what?
what is the animal written on the yellow paper?
what is the movie called?
what year is the sundance film festival?
what is in bold letters at the top of the poster?
how many pieces of information is on this paper?
who is the author of the book ?
what is the book title?
what acronym is at the top of the website?
the page is showing bbc?
what is the books title?
what is the title of the book?
who is the author?
what are the roman numerals shown?
power to who?
what is the first sentence on the red sign?
what is the title of this book?
how much does this comic cost?
what three letter precede privilegio?
what year was the pamphlet on the far left written?
when is open access day?
whats the title of the third book from the top?
what type of "reader" is the top book?
what stop does it say in the top center of the display?
what city is this in?
is there multiple volumes of these books?
what page is the alphabet listed on?
which attraction is the red sign advertising?
what is the car brand?
what is the first word in the article?
what is marvel's booth number?
what comic book brand is featured?
what country is this book talking about?
how many years of science is mentioned on the book?
which is the book on ulyesses?
what is the book title of blue book?
what is the title of the record?
what is the name of one of the artists?
what is the title of this apparently fictitious paper?
what is he painting the streets with?
what is the title of the book?
what's the biggest word on the album cover?
what is the first letter in the title of this?
this paragraph is talking about a weakness of what pattern?
what is the word at the top of the page?
who is the author of the book?
what movie has the purple case?
what is the orange movie called?
how long is the history project according to the poster in the back?
what is the title of the book?
who wrote this book?
what is the title of the right magazine on top?
what is the title of the left magazine?
what is the word after cardinal?
what is the text on the last line?
who's written work are in these books?
who published these books?
what is the title of this book?
what kind of chocolate is this?
who wrote the anatomy of stretching?
which edition is the anatomy of stretching?
what is the first word in the middle paragraph?
what is the big letter on the page?
who is the author of this book?
what is the title of this book?
what is on the spine of the book?
what is the title of the book?
what's the name of this place?
what is the title of the book?
how long have they been open?
what year did they open?
what is the name of book by epictetus?
what is this manual for?
what is the title of this book?
what are the deities accompanied by based on the title of this book?
what company presents this book?
what is the title of the book?
what is the title?
what word is spelled using food on the top magazine?
what is the name of the italian easter dish?
what holiday is this dish often made?
what can you make with the set?
what is the price of the cupcake set?
what album is this?
who is on the page?
what should you protect yourself against?
what is the right magazine title?
what number is written on the bottom book?
who wrote this story?
what kind of underground society is the book about?
what are the letter on the top left?
what three things make one a professional?
what is the name of the machine in the blue box?
what is the composer's name on the album?
what instrument does the composer play?
who is the author of the book?
what can you decorate with?
who wrote this book?
what is the name of the novel?
what is the author's name?
what are the titles of the books?
who wrote this book?
fill in the blank war what is it   for?
what magazine was "love letter to liberty square" published in?
who wrote the book?
what kind of power is wrote on the magazine?
what is the page number?
what symphony of beethoven's is this?
what does the gold sticker say?
how many bags of tea are in the box?
does the text include the word god ?
what are the first three words of this quote?
who wrote this?
who authored the book?
does that ad holder say samuel adams on the bottom?
what's the title of this book?
what is the lowest meadurement on the cupo?
what is the last cd on the right?
what artists made the boy with the arab strap?
what is the title of the paragraph?
what organization is the main sponsor?
what is the first word on this page?
what is the title of this document?
how many sides are there?
what is the title of the second section on the first page?
is this by j. massey?
what is the first line of the title?
who is the author of this fantastic series?
what is the title of the book?
what is the name of this magazine?
how many original tales are in the book?
what is the title of the book?
what are they saying no to?
is the american journal of pathology a medical research book?
what book is that?
is this a history book?
what flavor does the yellow box contain?
what is the brand of this protein flapjack?
what is the name of the newspaper?
what year was this published?
what is the common name on all the books?
who wrote the book in the middle that is in pink?
what is the acronym used on the sign behind the two people?
what is the bottom right word on the sign in the back?
who signed this disc set?
what is the title of the work?
what three words are in blue text?
what is the last word of the header?
who's the author of the book?
what is the title of the book?
what issue number?
who wrote these poems?
who is on the movie song albumn?
what is the women's name on the left album?
what is the name of the chapter?
what type of sensor is labeled here?
is pressure sensor the name of this type of book?
what is the title of the book?
what character is on the box?
what is the restaurant logo shown on the box?
what is the name is this book?
who is the author of this book?
what gaming console would be used to play the games in the basket in the front right?
what is one game being advertised on the wall way in the back?
what is featured on the front card?
whats the name of the first poster?
what brands are shown in english?
are all the dictionaries the same?
who is the publisher of the bottom right book?
what is the title of the paper to the left?
what is the subject of the pamphlet?
what is the book about?
what is the recipe for?
what is the title of the book?
who is the author?
what is the name of this book?
what is the advertisement about?
how much does the monitor cost?
what is the title of this book?
whos is the author of the 3rd book?
what series is the formula guide?
what is the register trademark name?
what is the year (anno) at the bottom, in letters?
who put out this album?
who is the director?
which brand?
what company is advertising in the background?
what is the thr word behind the man on the wall?
who is this edited by?
what is the word in white text?
what is on the poster?
what word is next to the point on this pencil?
what language is discussed above the definition for educated?
what's the name of the red book?
what title is visible on the book with the peach on it?
who is the author of the book cleopatra?
who is the author of the garrett files?
what is susan's phone number?
what city is burning?
what does the sign on the right want?
what did the villain turn off?
what device is the villain holding?
what is the woman's name mentioned on this page?
what is being given away free?
what studios are these comics made in/?
who wrote,"travel a modern manual"?
what is the title of the left book?
does the newspaper have a real estate ad?
what single letter can you see on the very left book?
what is the url on the paper?
is this about a 3rd tower falling on 9/11?
is this comic really old?
whose notes are in the book on the left?
how many inches is the ruler ?
what is the title of the red book in the middle?
what are the book titles?
what is the subject of the bottom book?
who wrote digital forensics?
what is the name of the book on the left?
are the books from the town library?
what page is this book on?
what is the name of this book?
what page has a title?
is that 222 on the top right hand corner of the book?
what does the binding say on this book?
what this written in london?
what is the genre of this book?
who wrote this book?
who is the artwork for?
what kind of lives do the books on the bottom on the pile talk about?
what is the subject of the book the man is holding?
what brand is printed at the bottom right?
who makes the jar on the far left?
who wrote "youth"?
what is the name of the book?
what page number is this?
what medication is in the box?
what type of drug is in the box?
what grades are the electrocity for?
what grades are fantastic elastic for?
what's the title of this book?
which school subject is the written evaluation about?
who's name is on the paper?
who wrote this book?
what's the title of the album?
what the doors album is part of this collection?
what album is above the doors?
what broadcast station is shown on the microphone?
who wrote this book?
what is the name of the activity book?
what is the title of this book?
what social media platform is mentioned in the middle poster?
what is the social media in red?
what book is that guy reading?
who wrote the book?
according to the man in blue, who is eve not here to play fun and games with?
what is the name of the shirtless man?
what part is mentioned on the right page?
where is this sign welcoming you to?
what is the name of the school?
what is the title of the white document on the table close to the nearby man?
what is the title of the 2nd  document on the table from  the left?
what brand is this fabric?
who wrote "pattern recognition"?
what is the title of the left book?
how long has the rolling stone been around?
which magazine company is this?
what is peter's last name?
who is the author of the book?
what is the name of this book?
who is the author of the book?
what side does the book ask if we are checking out?
is the book written in english?
what do people love according to the sticker?
what does the sign says goes into your pocket?
how much is the book being sold for?
what is the title of the book?
what is the title of the book?
which harry potter book is this?
what year is the book?
who is the author of the book filko?
what is the middle book title?
what production is marilyn horne a part of?
who conducted this opera?
what city does this memo reference?
who wrote this?
what is neal's last name?
according to this advertisement "there never have been better photographic materials than those produced by" who?
what city is this company located in?
what's the name of this book?
what year is on this book?
what does the text say on the right side?
what does the book say the real trick is?
what is the title of the article?
what is the middle letter in the left margin?
what should one do with their phone based on this flyer?
what are we supposed to live?
what is the title of the book?
what is the authors name of this book?
who's name is written on the book to the far left?
how many years is on the black book?
who is the author of this book?
what phone is the book featuring?
what time is shown on the phone?
who wrote the green book?
how many years is being celebrated?
which organization is this bag featuring?
what is the name of the red book?
what is the title of the book with the woman on the cover?
according to the cover, who are the saints in competition with?
what is the page number of the text?
is the text in english?
what says the book with white cover?
what is the quote?
what kind of drink?
what kind of books are in the nearby section?
what chapter is this?
what is the name of chapter vi?
what is written on the right side at the top?
what is the name of this book?
what are the two words in the middle?
what is the title of this book?
what is the name of the paper on the right?
what is the name of the newspaper?
what is the first line?
what is the title of the book being held?
whose birthday is it?
what journal is this?
which section does plaster patching belong to in the book?
what is the name of the blue book on the left?
what is the name of this bottle?
what year is on the front?
what page number is the page on the right?
who wrote the book?
what is the title of the red book?
who is the author of the red book?
what is the page number at the top of the page?
is the pinup special?
are the books for kids ?
what is the title of the book in front?
what is the title of this activity in this book?
what is displayed in the top line of this display panel?
who is the author of salonul rosu?
what is the call number for the book?
what does the label on the shelf say?
what number is on the label of the book titled silence?
what is the first bold word on the page?
what does the poster warn you to do?
what is the first thing they like?
who is with the super-heroes?
what band is on the magazine on the top right?
is this for young people?
what is the name of the book?
whos dog are they talking about?
what year is listed on the poster?
what is the title of these works?
what type of lounge is on main street?
who is the author of the book "los angeles"?
what is the first name of the author of the book to the far right?
the person say that "he" is a what?
what is in that book?
what is the name of the highlighter in the book?
what is the word following the @ symbol on the left side of the page?
what kind of stories is the book about?
what month is this edition from?
what word is wrote on the second book to the left?
what brand is advertised on the white paper?
what kind of sample kit is the white catalog?
what is the year on this man's shirt?
what is the heading of the text box in blue?
what will your mobile phone bill reflect a charge from according to the window?
what is the title of the book on the top?
is there a book by daniel suarez?
what is the title of the books?
what kind of boat is mentioned on the page?
what is on page 15 of the book?
what kind of fiction is this article about?
what is the title of the book?
where was delmonico's restaurant located?
what is the last word on the page?
what is the last wood on the page?
what number page is on the right side of the book?
is the comic book silver surfer good?
what is the title?
name a title of a book?
who is the author of the book?
what is the name of the book?
what is the number of this table?
what are the number of the two pages?
what is on the bottom of the second page?
what is the name of this book or chapter?
who wrote crap lyrics?
what is the title of the blue book?
whats the tittle of the white book?
what is the title of all the books?
what is the red book called?
who edited the book with a man who has snakes coming out of his head?
what home improvement tool is this book describing?
what country is mentioned?
the top right is titled?
what does the advertisement tell you to believe?
what is the book about?
who wrote this?
when was the borough founded?
what do the bright pink letters say?
what brand of table it pictured?
what volume is the image on the tablet?
what city is on the mug?
can you the price on the mug?
what is the title of this page?
what language is the page written in?
what is the title of this book?
what is the word written yellow that is also a english word?
what is the name of joe abercrombie's novel?
what's the name of the book on the right?
what language is this book?
what is the name of the book?
what is the title of the pages of the book?
what is step 2 on page 72?
who is the day with?
what is the title of the page on the right side?
what book is the person reading?
who is this a reference for?
who is the author of the book?
what is the name of the book?
who does this book claim is intrepid?
who wrote this book?
what is the name of this book?
who is the author of the book?
what is the title of the book?
what color is the table underneath the jigsaw puzzle?
what is the page number?
what is the name of this book?
what is the name of the right most two books?
whose stories are in the white book?
who is the book on the right for?
who wrote "the computer revolution in canada"?
what is the title of the book?
what type of milk is it?
what is the name of this brand?
is this person planning a road trip to nebraska?
what series of books is this?
what the title of the books shown?
who wrote the book in blue?
what is the blue book about?
what is the thief with?
who wrote this?
what type of guide is shown in the middle?
who is the author of this book?
what art is being discovered?
what kind of surgeon are they not?
what does this say?
are these books written in italian?
what is the last word of the sentence on the top paragraph?
what is the title of the book on the bottom of the pile?
what colleges are they representing?
which reality tv star is featured in the book on the lower right?
what book is second from the right?
what does it say on the yellow box in the first panel?
what kind of camp?
what is the name of the person who wrote the book?
what years did galileo galilei live?
what is the title of this author's novel?
what is the first word under the title?
what is the title of this book?
who wrote the book?
what is the name of this book?
who wrote the manual?
what author wrote, "gold and the sand"?
what is track 4?
what is this book about?
what is the first bold words?
what is the phone number?
what chapter is showing in the bible ?
what is the name in bold print on the smaller book?
what is the technological wonder printed at the top of the page?
what year is this album from?
who wrote the book?
are these original flavored?
what brand of sweetener is this?
what is the book on the end?
what city is shown on the blue book?
what is the name of the poem?
is a cooking book?
what is on the poster?
what word means fast on the poster?
who is the author?
who wrote the novel "duke"?
what does the book say it is about at the top?
who is with starman?
who wrote maybe it happened?
what is the name of the book on the very right?
what brand name is written on the left page?
what 2 letters are up in the top left corner?
how many camisetas are there?
what personal grooming item is referenced in the main story's title?
is does the gold test say on the paper?
what is the name in white letters above the yellow letters?
what is the yellow text?
what type of disc is the bottom one?
what is the latest year shown?
what is the title of the last book on the left?
what type of stores are in the book?
what is the book title?
what is probably the name of the woman?
what is the company name?
who wrote the romance of natural history?
who is the publisher?
what brand of butter is on the table?
what is in the yellow bubble?
what is the title of the book?
who wrote this book?
what is the name of the almanac?
what's the name of this book?
who is the author?
what are the adjectives used to describe the colored pencils?
what is the word with the large n on the right page?
how much is entrance fee?
what is the newspaper name?
what is the headline of this page?
this is the complete book of what?
what is the name of the company?
what kind of people does the poster claim?
who is the author at the top of the book?
what words are at the bottom of the book cover?
what is the name of the main character in this book?
what kind of pictures are in the book?
what is the title of the white book?
who is the author of the blue book?
what kind of guide is the book?
what type of snack is in the red and green box?
where does the apple juice come from?
what kind of game is it?
what is this book?
who wrote the introduction?
what is the title of the book?
what kind of course is shown?
what is the name of this album?
what is included in this hit?
what is the name of this book?
who wrote this book?
what is the blue emblem?
what is the name of the pink book?
who is the author of the book?
what is the title of the book?
what is the page number on the right?
what is the first name of the author?
what edition is this?
what is the newest book club pick?
where can i find all my book club pics at?
what is the title of the book on the desk?
what is the last name of the author?
what is the middle book?
what yellow number is on the cover of the book on the right?
what does the highlighted text say?
after what year did the author see less of jane?
what record is this?
what type of house?
what is the title of this comic?
what country's paper is this?
what was the percent on the treaty vote?
is the citizen allowed to pass without delay?
who is requesting protection for said american citizen?
is this a festival?
are the persons in the epitaphs related?
what kind of messages are advertised behind the lady with short hair?
what animal does the book want you to punch?
what is inside the book?
where was this wine produced?
what year was the wine produced?
is this about the bible?
why do you need this book?
who was caught in a dilemma?
what kind of regime is referred to?
how much was this book when it was published?
who is the publisher of the book?
what famous mouse is drawn here?
what is mickey mouse saying?
the pentagram vs. the what?
what three numbers are shown on the top right of this disc?
what is the artists name?
what is the author's name of the book at the bottom?
what is the first word in the title?
what sort of collection is it?
what comic is on top?
how many records are in this set?
how many stories are in this book?
what are the titles of these books or encyclopedias?
what's the title of the book series?
is the text written in english?
what war does this book focus on?
what is the title of the book?
what is the name of a food blog cookbook?
which production company is this by?
what year is this book written about?
what does the officer tell the nearby man to do?
what does the person on the left say they're not?
from what country is the beer imported?
where is this beer from?
what is the first word of the title of the book?
what is the saying in purple?
what is the bottom slanted word?
what is the first word on the red book?
what did the passengers in this comic avoid?
what is the title of the comic?
what does the pamphlet say?
what are the initials at the bottom right corner?
who is the artist of this album?
what record label is this release on?
what brand of hotels?
what is the newspaper title?
what word starts with an s written in a black box on the paper photo?
what is the title of the blue book in the middle?
what does the page on the left talk about evaluating?
what is figure 18 - 7 displaying?
what does the word written in white say on the very top left of the book?
what is the name of the book?
who wrote the book on the left?
who is the author of the book?
what is the name of the magazine that is in a persons hand?
what issue of the magazine is this?
what is the volume 1 about?
what chapter is on this page?
what are the number listed?
what is the name of the company?
who is the manufacturer?
who performs the jazz track album?
name one of the singers?
who authored the common toad?
what book did john berger write?
who are the recipes for in the folder?
what does it write in the top of the photo?
what is the title of this comic?
who illustrated the book shown?
what stamp is in the book and what does it say?
what does the cartoon at the top of the board say you should do to mummy?
what is the name of the book with a man on the cover?
what country has a lot of german graves from a war?
what does the paragraph displayed talk about?
what is the name of the book on the table?
who's poems are in this book?
who edited this?
what is written on one of the books on the shelves?
what can the narrator not bear to stay in?
who is paola?
how long has the company made gin?
what letter is at the top of the label on the bottle?
who makes this wine?
what brand is this?
what does the brown tag say?
how many brushes come with the paint set?
who are the authors of the orange book?
what's the title of the light blue book?
what taxi number is displayed on the page on the left?
what initials are shown on the top of the right side page?
what is the title of the first book that is upright?
what is the name of the second book?
is visa accepted at this booth?
who is the author of this novel?
what series is this book in?
what is the first word seen on the poster in the corner?
what kind of guide is this?
which library did the book come from?
what are the numbers in the reference?
what kind of magizine is  white sheet?
is that a lake havasu shopping guide?
what is the last word?
what does the long pamphlet say in big letters?
what type of permit is on the far left?
how many gigabytes is the drive?
which  company made the solid state drive?
what is the name of this product?
what is the phone number on the box?
who is the authors of this book?
what is the title of the book?
how much did this book cost?
what is the name of the college shown?
what is the codename on the left?
are there a lot of recipes in this book?
what type of bible is this?
what is in these boxes?
what brand is on these boxes?
what is the comic?
what's the name of the book which contains the no-diet weight loss solution?
how many dollars is the pictured bill worth?
what is the name of the magazine?
who is the author of this book?
what is the first word?
what is the first word of the third paragraph?
what is this whiskey called?
what number is on the back of the book?
what is the title of this book at the top of the page?
what is the last word on the page?
road to what?
what is the phone number of justin's barber shop?
what is the name of the seed company?
what is the local seed for?
who is the author of the vanishers?
what is the title of the book?
what type of rectangle is shown second to last?
who is the author of this book?
which playing card is featured in the painting in the middle?
what volume is closest?
what is the color of the tent mentioned in the book?
who is the author of the book in the middle?
what jersey number is on the woman's sleeve?
what is the title of this chapter?
what is written on the top of the left page?
what is the title of the book?
who wrote this book?
what is the title of the middle orange book?
what did thomas caryle say?
what is the title?
what is the title of this book?
what is the first author listed on the spine?
what is the business kit about?
what type of book is this?
what is title of this chapter?
what's in the box?
what slogan is written on this box?
who is the author of this book?
what is the title?
what should be subsidized for the board to consider?
who wrote the big score?
what is the book on the right?
what does hershey's promise, according to this display?
what is the subject of the article?
what does the magazine suggest you should plan to be instead of viral?
what is the title of the book?
what is the brand name?
what year is this?
what name is written at the top of the cover?
spence wrote a book on the myths of what two countries?
which continent are the lost cities and ancient mysteries located?
what is the frame on the wall?
what does the red shirt say?
what type of book is in the picture?
what color is the word "methodist" on the book cover?
what is the name on the blue book front right?
are there more than two reapers in the book?
what kind of city is it?
who wrote this book and/or chapter?
who wrote, "the lions of little rock"?
what library branch is this book from?
what is the name of this book?
is the king at the top of the pyramid?
who wrote the book?
what chapter are they reading?
the page number on the right is?
what is the name on the four books?
what kind of party is dad asking about?
what is the title of this book?
which century was johnie walker established?
what kind of students are deiscuseed?
what year was the conference in the photo?
what country is on the poster?
what is the first word on the first page?
who is the author of this piece of literature?
who wrote this book?
what relative of the narrator does the last paragraph talk about?
what is the last underlined word?
what are the three bold words?
what is this book about?
who is the author of the book?
is this the end of volume 1?
who is this story told by?
what is the title?
where does this story take place?
what does it say under oscar d'leon?
what does the book say?
what is the title of the opened book?
where did the coffee come from?
the title of the article says what type of challenge?
what is she holding?
who wrote the promise?
where is the talk being held?
what day is tuesday?
what kind of reviews does this magazine do?
what two initials are on the back wall?
is this a college level chemistry book?
what is a year mentioned on this page?
what does the poster board ask union families to look for?
how many families?
who wrote the book?
what is the title of the book?
what date was the picture taken?
how much was this novel?
what is the title here?
what's the title of the book?
who is the author of the book at the bottom?
what is the title of the movie?
what is laying on the bed?
what is the best book written on computer viruses in 21st century?
what is the title of the top book?
what four numbers are on the album in the lower right hand corner?
where is this product from?
what is the name?
who wrote explaining explanation?
what is the title of the first book?
which page is about snapshots?
what is the title on page 334?
what page number is the page on the right?
what does the text in bold say?
how many different volumes is the plum in the golden vase split into?
who wrote these volumes?
who is the author of the book?
what is the title of the book?
what is the title of this book?
what is this book showing in all seasons?
what is the title?
what type of breath-mint is in the tin on the table?
who is the author?
what is the title of the book?
how many cups sold at the suderstadt center's mujo cafe?
how many cups were sold?
who was the composer of this piece of music?
what is the name of this music?
what instrument does blumental play?
which artist's piano concerto is featured?
is pasha somebodies last name?
what company is on the green sign?
what is the name of this book?
who wrote this book?
how many books are by the title, "akira"?
what is the title of the purple book?
what is the last right word on the red?
is this a nintendo ds game?
who wrote the book pictured here?
what are the titles of the books?
what is the title of the red book?
what is the title of the book?
which hill is referenced in the book?
whats the books of?
what is the release year of vol 1?
what is the title of these volumes?
what restaurant is this menu from?
what is the last category on the menu?
what page is this reader currently reading?
what's the title of this book?
'freakonomics' is a book written by a rogue what?
what is the title of this book?
what is the title of the black book?
what is the title of the middle book?
what page number is shown on the right?
what does the illustration depict?
who wrote the book?
what is the book's title?
how much is this book?
what kind of readers are mentioned at the top?
who wrote the book,"the best in chess"?
which continent is getting its health system strengthened?
in what month was the conference held?
what authors name is at the top of the book?
what is the title of this book?
what volume is second in the row?
what is the name of all the books?
what is the name of the book on the top right?
are these two books good sellers?
what is the title of the magazine?
what kind of clouds?
what is the title of the green book?
who is the author?
what is the first letter of the first word?
what state is advertised?
is this font is to read for you?
what number can be seen in the top right?
what date is hand written at the top of the page on the right?
who is the c++ book directed at to help learning?
who is the author of this book?
who is the author of this book?
what type of electronics is the book about for inventors?
is this being held on a saturday?
who's secret wedding is the magazine talking about?
what clothing is written under the word plus?
what is the title of the book in the bottom right corner of the image?
who published the book?
who is the author's name shown on the book?
who is it the author of god game?
what does it say on the front of the podium?
is this by jamie tucker?
what title is written on the white tag?
whats the brand of this beer?
what volume is this?
what edition is this?
who is the music publisher of this work?
who wrote this music?
what country is this book from?
what is the title of this book?
is there a book on london architecture?
name the book on the bottom?
who wrote, "the invisible wall"?
is the bottom word counterpoint?
what is the authors name on the book?
what is the title of the book?
is this science book for kids?
where was this book published?
what college is this book?
who are the authors of this book?
what is the first word on the page?
what is the title of the article?
what is the name of this album?
who performs on the album?
what is included inside the book oregon trail?
for what age is this game for?
what age is this piece not recommended for?
what is the title?
what is the name of the author of the book?
what is the book title?
what kind of program was used to make this pdf?
what emotion is the editor of the national geographic writing about?
the title of the article on the right is?
what is the game's console name?
what book is that?
who is the author of the book?
what is the first name on the certificate?
is that an self motivation or self help book, you are reading?
what is the title?
what is the title of the book?
who wrote this book?
how many shades of green are named?
what's the title of the book at the bottom?
this is about what science?
what word is written at the very top of the page of the book?
who wrote orbit 7?
what is the name of the boy in the book?
to what direction is he asked to look?
what is the title of the top book?
what is the first word of the sign?
what is the letter/number combination on this item?
who is the author of the book on the far left?
what is the date of the general election?
is the book next to the food for general election?
what are the roman numerals at the bottom?
what spoils books?
what do the wizards spoil?
what is the last word written at the end of this flyer?
how many adults in the u.s. have a library crad?
what is the title of the book the father is reading?
what type of "manual" is the man reading?
who is the publisher of the red book?
what kind of beliefs can be found in this comic?
what is the title of the book?
what's the name of the last book?
what brightness does the sign tell you to keep it?
what is the title of the page in the book?
what does the purple envelope say?
is this a year book?
who is the author of the book?
what is the title of the book?
what products are used here?
what does it say to close the cover?
what is written on the box?
what does the red label say?
who is this document in memory of?
what is the name of the documentary?
what company made the biggest poster, the one right above the lady's head?
where was the sign being advertised?
what is the title of this novel?
who published the book?
where was the even on august 25-28?
what is printed on the pink t-shirt?
who wrote the book on the top right?
what type of literature does this book contain?
what studios are the comics from?
what's written in orange on the white poster?
what does the sign say?
what is written on any of the cases shown?
what question is asked at the top of the poster?
what type of day is it according to the poster?
what is the title of the book?
what is the headline on look magazine?
what is the topic of this book?
does the plant indicate a geographical study?
what is the title of this game?
on the page on the right, what types of words are hints given for?
what is the first word on the left page?
what page number is on the right?
who is the author of an equal music?
what is the name of the book?
will eggs be more convenient to access once moved?
price on the top?
who wrote this book?
what is the title of this book?
what is the date on the page?
what year was this meeting being held?
what is the name of the book on top of the stack?
what is the title of the white book on the bottom of the stack?
what are the first two words of the title of this article?
what is the book about?
what is the series name in the top left corner?
who is the prominent figure that this book mentions?
whose name begins with a w?
what is the name of the book?
who did steve write the letter to?
what is the title of the book steve olsher wrote?
what is this pocket guide?
what's the name of the book?
who wrote the book?
what's the title of the book?
who wrote the book?
what is the first word of the second paragraph?
what page number is this?
what book is the large one?
who wrote the big book?
what is the school's name on the front cover of the book?
whats the logo about?
what is written under the red rose?
what is the subject of  volume 85?
whats the title of first book on the left?
the title of book is java?
what is this book about?
what word is in the upper left corner of the left page?
is the picture depicting excavation?
what way is the canning book focused on?
what are the last 5 letters printed at the bottom of this page?
is this an anno domini book?
what month was this published?
what is the name of the company with the booth?
can you tell what does the cloud say?
who wrote this book?
what country is the green book about?
who is the author of the book?
what is the title of the book?
what is the title of this book?
what is the title of the graph?
what is a word written on the left page?
what famous newspaper is quoted on this book cover?
who wrote this book?
what is this man proud of ?
what is this a guide for constructing?
who does not cry?
what does the third line say?
who knew that powerful stimulant had beneficial use?
what does that display say?
what does the box say?
what is the domain of the company?
what is the book about?
what kind of book is this?
the book of spells is volume what?
which edition is this book?
where is the department of foreign affairs and trade?
what is unbeatable?
what year is this poster from?
in what language is miljpartiet website?
which two counties are referenced in the title of the article?
what tax form is shown in the upper left?
what country is this for?
what brand of electronic device is this?
what year is the world almanac from ?
are those almanacs?
what is the name of a character in this ebook?
is this a children's book?
what book series are these books a part of?
who wrote these books?
what is the title of the article?
who is the young man?
what is the album title?
are these objects in their proper numerical order?
how many times can you see the number eight?
what roman numeral is listed above the bottom line of text?
what number is this book?
what is the publishing company?
what letter and,"beyond"?
who is the publisher of the green covered book?
what is the first word on the white book?
which batman character is the title of this piece about?
what kind of fruit pies are these?
what's the title of the book at the top?
what chapter is this reader starting?
what state is listed on the page on the left?
what date is listed on the right?
who is the author of the yellow book?
what is written at the top of the page?
what is written at the bottom of the page?
who are earth's mightiest super-heroes?
is the ant man in this comic?
what form is referenced?
what is the letter on the book on the book?
what is the title of the book?
what brand is this based on?
what is this book about?
what is the first letter of the first english word of the title?
what is the date on the last line?
what governmental entity is listed on the pillar?
what number page is on the left?
what is the name of the chapter on the right page?
which comic group made this?
what percentage of progesterone is in the crinone?
what is the medication that starts with the letter f?
what volume of the series is this?
who wrote this?
what's the first word?
what is the date on the bottom of the menu?
what is the title of this book?
what kind of publication is it?
what is the name of the article?
what is the first word on the left page?
what is subject of the book?
what is the name of this book?
is the ending of time book here?
what does the tin contain?
what is the title of the book behind the container with the inscription altoids?
what page number is this book turned to?
what are they want you to promote?
what word is written in red on the page?
what company made the ad on the right?
what is the name of one of the authors?
what is the quote the lady is saying?
where was this poster published?
in what does the poster say we should always rejoice?
what is the last name of the author of the white book?
is it easy to change the law?
what section of the book is being read?
what is the name on the box?
what is the design of wall paper on the wall?
what is the name on the glass?
who said it was refreshing?
what do the signs ask you to do?
what is the name on the side of the black book, it starts with a r?
which one is loverboy?
what was the article?
who wrote this book?
what's the book title?
are these texts about physics?
are these texts about law?
what is the title of the red comic book with blue lettering?
what is the name of the comic book with the horse on it?
what page is the book open to?
what is the last letter of the last word on the page?
what is written next to the green square?
what is the page number?
what book is that?
what is the first word on the glass at the top?
did they really make a magizine for ampersand?
what is the year written on these books?
what book is the child reading?
what wheel is this book about?
what is the title of the book?
what is the name of the book?
who is the author of the book?
who wrote the second book?
what's the name of the first book?
what is the name of the author of the first book?
who is the author of the book?
in what page are they reading?
what does it say in the bottom right corner?
what is the name of the record company?
what is the company that produce this magazine?
is the book written for children?
what are the last 3 words on the page?
is this the first scene?
what is the book title?
what is the catchphrase at the bottom of the book?
what school is this from?
what kind of novel is this?
is this comic drawn by an asian artist?
what brand is #1 doctor recommended?
what is tylenol used for?
what is the title of the purple book in the bottom?
who is the author of the book?
how many years of britain's heritage?
what is the name of this book?
what is the kinfolk object referenced on this book cover?
what language are the books printed in?
what is the title of the middle book?
what is the name of this place?
what kind of place is this?
what book this leonel rugma write?
what is the name of this song?
what number is wrote beside du?
what edition is the computer science test book?
what test are these study guides for?
is the book pigs and battleships here?
who wrote the book(s)?
what are the books' names?
what old comic book is this?
what does the last speech bubble on the page say?
what person is that book about?
what is the first word written in the box on the bottom of the page?
what country sells these bonds?
what is the price for dinner ?
section 2 of this report is titled what?
is this a book?
which company made the literature in the blue book?
besides this novel, what is another book written by this author?
what is the top most saying on the left page?
who is the author?
what is the subject of the book with the blue cover?
what does it say at the very top of this pamphlet?
who wrote, "face of an angel"?
what does the book to the right say?
what is the right text in book?
what is the title of the book?
what is the red soda can brand?
what is inside the big wrapped box?
what is the title of this book?
what does the red text at the top say?
what is the website at the bottom?
what is the title of the book farthest to the right?
what is the subject of the for dummies guide?
what is the title of the book?
what is this book a history of?
which volume is this book?
are these movies?
the is the red book called?
when does the adventure begin?
what is the title of the video game displayed above the brown bear and red bird?
who's law journal?
what kind of book is this?
what is the title of this book?
what is the title of this book?
who is the author of the book?
what does the bottom of the page read?
what kind of book is this?
who is the author of liberation management?
what do crazy times call for?
where are the computers usually in a school?
what is the name of the book placed in the table?
what game is that?
what kind of game is this?
what kind of history is mentioned?
is the text written in english?
in what year did the queen's trial take place?
what is the lady of the left's name?
what is the title of the book?
what is the magazine on the bottom right called?
what are the titles of these books?
who illustrated the left book?
what is the name on the top?
what is the title of the red book?
what is the title of the book authored by karen armstrong?
what is the word referenced as a four-letter word?
who wrote this article?
what is being reviewed?
what is the title of the work?
what type of meals are these?
who are these meals prepared for?
what is the title of this book?
why type of duck is on the page?
what language do you see?
what is the page number of the left page?
what brand are these shoes?
what is the first letter in the brand of the shoes?
what is the name printed at the top on each book?
who's name is printed on this page after the line "a conversation with choreographer"?
what is printed in the top left corner?
what is the name of the mountain?
what are on the cards?
what kind of dream is reclaimed?
is there more than one type of medicine on the shelf?
what is a cookbook needed for?
what is the title of the topmost book?
which former president's likeness is sitting on the far right?
who is the author?
what month is the century on the book cover?
what is the title of this book?
what is the title of this book?
who wrote this book?
what is the book title?
what is the page number?
who is the author of this novel?
how many ml of whipping cream does this box contain?
what brand of typewriter is this guide used for?
what model number is the manual for?
what is the stupid e-mail of the week?
what website is on stupid e-mail of the week?
what is the word that in red on the book?
how should the box be handled?
what does the red text on the sign say?
this is what kind of information?
what word is seen before the man?
what kind of cash flow?
what is the title of the book he is holding?
what does the upright card ask you to make?
what does #3 say?
what is the title of the orange book?
what item is on the right?
which ballroom is the man standing in?
is the text all in capital letters?
who stared out at the road?
what is the name of the person in the text?
who "tapped the secrets of the universe"?
what did the author do?
what do i see on the screen?
what page number is featured here?
is this book written in english?
what level is this book on?
does bob dylan have a book out?
who was the conductor?
what does ar-raid do?
who is the speaker?
what is the name of the book?
what is the last name of juris?
what law school is this from?
what do the red words with polka dot background star say on the side of the case?
on the side of the case, what does the top text bubble say?
which school subjects are related to the job of a newspaper editor?
what is written in the first yellow box, farthest left?
what is the biggest word?
what year did john block make an announcement?
who did steve sit across from?
what is the sign warning us of?
is this an old magazine by jack woodford?
what time did the race start?
whose wrestling records are those?
who is the author of this book?
what is the title of the book?
what is the page number?
who wrote the book starbucked?
what instrument is mentioned?
what's the title of the book to the very left?
what is the name of this device?
what planet does the story take place on?
what meal is this item intended to be consumed for?
do four belvita's have 35 carbs in them?
who illustrated this book?
who wrote this book?
what edition is this cd'?
what is one of the years on the top part of the back of the case?
what is this section titled?
what pages are these?
what is the first word written on the right page?
what is this painting trying to portray?
what color is the text in the painting?
what is the title of the movie in brown?
what genre of book collection is this?
who published this collection?
what name is repeated twice?
is the text in english?
what is the name of this book?
what is this boy about?
who wrote this boy?
what year computer are the songs taken from?
what is the title of the paper?
who wrote the book on top of the stack?
what is the title of the second book from the top?
what is the title of the game?
will this graphic,graflex, photography book use full for photographers ?
did henry m lester help write this?
how many shots are in the flash box?
what are these items?
who wrote this book?
what is the title of the book?
what does kia ora mean?
what does aroha mean?
what is the name on the teabag?
where was the first starbucks store?
what is the date of the poetry event by walter scott?
what is professor fiona robertson an expert in?
what is the first word on the book?
what year is on the bottom of the page?
what book is subtitled "under the suet?
what is the website address?
this text book is an introduction to what topic?
who published this book?
have they made changes to the music?
what page is that on?
what year was the handwritten note written?
what does the handwriting say?
what is the brand of beer in the blue bottle?
what is the serial number on this image?
what is the number shown on the bottom left?
what kind of engineering is the purple book about?
what subject is the top textbook on the right about?
what does the box with red lettering say?
what letters on the spine of book at bottom?
who is the author of this book?
what road is in the title?
what is the superhero name of the left magazine?
who wrote the book on the right?
what is the title of this book?
what number is the left page?
what are the titles of these books?
which book was from academy award winner?
where is this book from?
what's the name above the apple?
what time does the clock show?
what is the top book?
who wrote on writing well?
what is the book's name on the right side?
who's the author?
what kind of game system are these for?
what page is the rightmost page on according to the top right corner?
what did time out say about this novel?
who wrote this?
when was this book written?
who is the author?
what kind of systems sale is being advertised on the right page?
what does abs service?
who composed the music on this album?
what numbers are on the album?
are they on page 07?
what four letters are written over and over in a very large font?
where is the reconciliation park located?
what is the title of this work?
who authored the long tail?
what is the name of the green character in the middle?
what male is there between 11am and 12pm?
what fruit word is on the cover?
what superhero group is focused on in this comic?
how much was this comic book?
what does the sign say in big letters with the exclamation?
what show is the red magazine about?
is quest a board game?
what magazine is about to be read?
what anniversary is being celebrated on this cover?
what is the title of this book?
who wrote this book?
what edition is this report for android phones?
who wrote this book?
who is the author of the misadventures of sherlock holmes?
what is sherlock's last name?
what book series is being displayed here?
who is the publisher of these books?
what is the motto on the stickers?
what is the title of the book standing up?
is astra the name of a company that makes fireworks?
what symphony number is in b-flat major?
who's works are being performed on this record?
which comic book hero is on the middle shelf?
what is the name of the book?
what is the brand of coffee?
what is the second word in the title?
this a book?
what page number is the book turned to?
what is the last word on the page?
what are the two words at the top of the right page?
what is the first line on the top of left page?
what number is the tall yellow book on the left?
what is the brand?
which kind of oil is the green one on the left?
what country is the main location of this book?
who wrote this book?
what book is on the bottom of the stack?
what phone is the middle book about?
what do the signs say this is for?
where are the united workers from?
what is the name of this book?
who wrote this book?
what is the title of the book by manuva?
what is the name of the book right of the green "pig" book?
who wrote this?
what is the title of the books?
what are the two words before marilyn on the second book?
who is the author of the book?
what language is the text written in?
what is the name of the book?
what type of paper?
what type of laptop is that?
what is the name of the book?
are these for a dollar?
what was the price?
what famous musical conductor does the text credit?
who published this?
what year is printed at the bottom of the page?
what is the bucket intended to hold?
what store sells this paint bucket?
what book is this?
are there section in bold face print?
what is the name of the author?
what is advertised on the box?
whats the box about?
where are those tickets to?
are leaves rustlin' every day?
what is the title of the book?
who wrote this book?
who wrote this book?
what animal is on the book?
is this beverage sweetened?
what kind of milk is this?
what country is the prodigy wine from?
what are the three letters on the label to the far left?
what is the bands name?
the band name is the beatles?
how many years was this vatted?
what type of whisky is this?
what is the title of this book by dean young?
was this published by graywolf?
how many maps are available?
what kind of tape is this page talking about?
what is "binding" here?
who wrote this book?
what is the title of the book?
who is the two-time nebula award winner?
what did greg bear say about the book?
what is the first word on the book?
waht is the second word on the book?
what is the date for caribbean law librarian?
what is the title of the cream colored book?
what is the title of this novel?
what page does the image show?
what word follows extra?
what is the tackle box made out of?
what type of box is this?
about what country is this information?
what is the name on the poster?
what is the name of this book?
what chapter are they on?
what type of edition are these books?
what subject matter do the books cover?
how much money did this magazine originally cost?
when was this published?
what city does this book discuss?
what is the first book called?
what are the page numbers shown here?
what is wrote on the first line of the book?
what is the name  of the book?
what month and year was the book issued?
what is this a complete guide to?
what company created this guide?
how long did the book stay on the new york times bestseller list?
who is the author of the work?
what is this book dedicated?
what kind of record did the ex-soldier break?
what is the title of the publication?
what street number is this section of the book about?
which chapter is this?
what is the title of the story?
what is the title of these book volumes?
how many volumes are in this book series?
whos name is in large bold letters on the top of the page?
what year was the book written ?
who wrote the book?
what is the comic about?
how much did this comic cost?
are those concert posters of billy strayhorn?
what is not cheap?
what does is the number at the bottom of the page?
what country is the book about?
what is the title of this book?
who published this book?
what year was this written?
is the information in this book reliable?
what part of the building does this exit not have access to?
what floor is the exit on?
what is the book about?
what is the title of the book?
what city symphony orchestra was used?
what is the last name of the author who wrote the book dragon.?
what does the book say?
who is the author of this book?
how many habits is this book about?
what is the title of the book?
who wrote the book?
what should you do if the model defeats you?
what is the first word of the title?
what city and state is on the left?
who wrote skink no surrender?
what year is the movie guide for?
what kind of wine is it?
what is that book for?
are ashfield and mansfield names of people?
what is the book theyre reading?
who wrote this book?
what is the action movie on the right ?
what series of books are behind r2d2?
what is swamp romp?
which branch of military service has presented this album?
what is the title of the book?
what kind of school bus is mentioned in the title of the book on the left?
what operating system is referenced on her bag?
what time does it say on the top of the sign?
what is the page number on the bottom right?
what superhero is featured in this motion picture?
is this a blu-ray?
who is the author of these books?
when was this book first published?
what did the ideas take like?
what is the last word of the quote?
what brand of disk is this?
what should you do to this house?
which volume is this book?
these are the works of who?
what book is this?
who wrote this?
what part of the world is the book talking about?
what color is the pen?
does it want you to celebrate african american history?
what is the first word of the first paragraph?
what kind of book is this?
what century is this from?\?
is that in a foreign language?
what year is printed on the very bottom right poster?
what year is this book from?
what is written directly above the picture?
which one of these is by edgar rice?
what does the back say about this book?
who is the author?
what name is on the nametag on the desk?
what is written in the last row of the notes?
what is the name of the guy on the pamphlet on the bottom?
is there a book about photo editing in this pile?
what kind of conference is this?
what is the word that has the colorful splotches on it?
what is the word in black below open?
what century is cited in the display?
what decade is covered in the left panel?
who is edward abbey?
what is the name of the book?
what is the title of this book?
who wrote this book?
what type of johnnie walker is on the far left?
who wrote this book?
which type of book?
what three letter word is in the top left corner of the flyer?
who is the author?
is this a religious book?
who is on the label of the photo?
what is the page number of the page on the left?
is there a dan brown book?
who wrote the legend of 1900?
what is this planner for?
what month is the planner opened to?
what is the title on the top of the page?
what page number is on the left?
who are the editors of the book ?
is the book about gods and an endless night?
what page is the rightmost page in the top right corner?
what is this book about?
who is the author?
who's the author of this book?
what is the title of the book?
which store can the application be downloaded on?
what are the three letters before the word travel on the wall?
what brand of whisky is in this bottle?
what kind of alcohol is this?
what type of adventure is in the book?
what is the top left word on the package?
who wrote this book?
what social media platform is this book about?
what brand is the white phone?
what year is this published?
what is the title of the red book on the desk?
is this a paint ?
is this by peter morville?
what is the title of the book?
what is the bold blue letter on the yellow book?
what word does the sentence on the left page start with?
on the right page, a ray of light comes from?
what is the topic that the characteristic describe?
what is the boldest number?
who are these books reserved for?
what are the numbers on the box?
who is the writer of the book ?
what is the name of the book next to the mug?
what do the res letters say?
what does the page say?
what is the last word in the sentence?
what record is that?
what musician is mentioned?
what is the name of the person on the poster?
who is the author?
who loves books?
what type of book is this?
what is in big bold letters at the top of the page?
which book is this?
what kind of absinthe is listed on the page?
are we allowed to take one?
what do you do after you take one?
what is the title of the text?
what is the first letter of the passage?
what is the male author of both books shown?
who wrote animals make us human?
what is the name of the last movie closest to the table?
what company is shown in the red logo?
what is the publication name?
what is the top word?
who is the author of this book?
does henrickson come before or after miller?
who wrote that book?
what word is in green at the top?
what is the name of the book?
is this book written in latin?
is the company on this flyer called london transport?
what library are these tomes from?
what century is this from?
where is the picture taken?
what is teh brand at the top left corner?
when does miley cyrus go on tour?
who is going on tour?
what number in the series is the book?
who wrote the book?
who wrote the ring and the book?
what years are on the spine of the blue middle book?
when was the book first published?
what part is it?
who is the author of the white book on the left end?
what city is mentioned in the text at the bottom of the page?
if he sits down, what else doe he have to do?
is walk or talk mentioned on his shirt?
what is the case file number?
what is the large blue book on the left?
what is the green book in the middle?
what's the name of the coffee drinker?
what size brown bag is this?
what is the title on the right page?
what is the right page number?
what is the title of the book?
what is the name after gio:?
who wrote this book?
who is one of the illustrators of this book?
what page is the book on?
who wrote this book?
this is the book of what?
is the passage about muhammad?
what is the first word within the magnify glass?
who is the composer of this album?
what does the blue text say?
whats the name of the book?
what does it say to beware of?
what does the first page of the right say>?
what book did martin heidegger author?
who wrote the top book?
which is the lowest volume number?
what beverages do they sell here?
what type of metal is the collar?
what is the title of the book?
what are these books called?
who wrote the yellow book?
what is the title of the middle white book?
which book is by ben elton?
who wrote the book coma?
what is this book a sequel to?
who is the author?
what does the brand here claim to be going back to?
its the macaroni and cheese organic?
what is the name of the book?
what is the title of this book?
who was this book edited by?
how many milligrams of medicine do the pills contain?
what make of phone is it?
what is the title of the two volume book?
who is the book about?
what page is the book open to?
what is the first line wrote on the right side of the book?
who wrote old salem?
what is the title of this book?
is this person training for computers?
what comes after "think big"?
which one is by cheryl dangel cullen?
what word is in red at the bottom of the right image?
what is the name of the magazine?
what level swimming skills are required?
what is the website?
who wrote this book?
is this written in english?
what is this book made up of?
these are what?
what is the title of the second book from the top?
who wrote this book?
what year is listed on the book?
how many times has this rodeo occurred?
what type of music is on the cd?
what musician is listed on these cds?
what does the sign say?
how much does the movie ticket cost?
what is the name of the book?
what is the time on the flyer?
what is the platform the game is for?
what game is this?
where did this person go to get this drink?
what is the drink?
what is the title of the red book?
what is the city?
who wrote this famous quote?
who is the author of the book?
who is the author of this book?
what is the book title?
who is the author?
what does the white text say?
what is the title of this book?
what is the name of the magazine in the left hand corner?
what city is mentioned on one of the magazines?
who wrote this novel?
does this computer use the windows operating system?
what word is visable on the magazine cover?
what does the red text say at the very top?
the article topic is about what clothing items?
what is the name of the article?
what is the name of the band on the top right?
what is the name of the album?
what flavor cookie is the green box?
who sells these cookies?
who is the author of the book?
what is the title of the red book?
what is the first world on all the black books?
who wrote that book?
what is this book called?
what is the name of the book?
who wrote the book?
what is the website?
which edition is this book?
who wrote this book?
what is a title of one of the comics?
is one of the comics shown called "darker than black"?
what year was this?
who was born on this day?
what are the words in red?
what superhero group is the comic about?
whats the book about?
who used this?
who authored the book?
what is the word after christmas?
where can you use this book?
what letters are on the top right corner of the second page?
what logo is on the bottom most book?
what is the title of this book(or chapter)?
is this a book?
who is the author of the book shown?
what is the name of this book?
what type of food does ledo's sell?
what is the name of this restaurant?
who is the artist?
how many classic albums are there?
this contains the work of which artist?
can you be able to read this article?
who is the comic about?
how can you access the fact file?
what direction are they flying?
what is the person on superman's shoulder asking?
does he have inner resources?
is this poster about programming?
what is the first letter of the first word on the black stripe on the book?
what 2 numbers are on the left page?
what volume number is the book on the right?
what country is the window display advertising?
who will be beaten?
what's the brand name of this thing?
what four letters are written within the colorful background on the upper right?
where is the box of powder located?
what book of the bible is this?
what 4 large bold number are on the left page?
where is work going to begin within 72 hours?
what is the text in vertical letters?
is the pages lined?
what date range is covered in this book?
in what year was this book written?
what date is written in this journal?
which city is featured in this entry?
what is the professor proficient in?
who is the author of this book?
what special event is mentioned in the last line?
what is the path of the righteous like?
finish the statement: "the gleam of dawn, ____ ..."?
what type of sweaters does this person like?
what brand is advertised here?
what is the title of the book with the picture of the man with a hat?
what is the title of the white book?
what page number do we see?
what is the name of this book?
how many kilograms can this scale go up to?
what is 1 graduation equal to with the red text?
who is the director of this show?
what is the title?
what is the title of the book?
what company shipped the box on the left?
what is the caption of the picture?
what is the color in the caption?
how much is the least expensive antipasta?
what word is printed at the top left of the page?
who is the author of this phamplet?
what is the pamphlet title?
which country name can be seen in the text?
what is the title of the page on the right?
who wrote this book?
what is the title of this book?
who is the author of the book on the right?
what is the title of the book on the left?
is outlawz written on the case at the top?
what band is this based on?
what kind of notebook is this?
what is the title of the book?
what is the website on this image?
what is the date listed on the piece of paper?
what is the date shown?
in which page the book is open?
what is the name of the pen?
who wrote the top book?
who is the author?
what is the title of this page (in bold)?
what type of tools is this section based upon?
what is the title of the page on the left?
what page numbers are shown?
what composer is listed next to the number 4?
who wrote the bibliographical essay for this novel?
what year was this published?
what is the brand of the beverage on the flyer?
what color are the letters of the brand name?
who wrote the book with the green cover?
what is the title of the green book?
what's the title of the sheet?
what is the first word on the paper?
what is the second book called?
what is the second book?
who is the author of the work?
who is helping the women?
what roman numerals are seen on this statue?
what year is shown in the bottom right corner?
what page is showing?
what is better in color?
what letter is on the candy?
what is the wine label?
who is the author of french & gourmet cooking?
how many red a's are there?
what is being advertised for sale?
what type of transport is mentioned here?
what date were the messages sent?
who has requested assistance?
what kind of science is it?
who wrote this album?
what is the title of the book?
what drink is beside the box?
what brand of fireworks is on the box?
what did the chinese discover?
who authored the book?
who's name is at the bottom of the book?
who wrote ruby?
what is being advertised?
what is the brand called?
what is the title of the book?
what country is on this photo?
who is the author of frankenstein?
who edited this book?
what publisher is on the bottom left of the green book?
what is the name of the top comic book?
what are the words on the left say?
what page is the book open to?
what age group is the red book for?
what is the title of the white book?
what is the title of the red book?
what is the title of the dark brown book?
what kind of guide is this?
what is the title at the top of the page?
what is the denomination of this fake currency?
what brand of cigarettes?
what page is it?
what type of chapter is this?
what number is the chapter?
how many short novels are included in this book?
this is book?
does the book show how to be an alter boy?
what is the title of the first chapter on the top book?
is the mammoth tooth prehistoric?
what is the title of the page?
what is the title of the work of the black book?
first word at the top of the left page?
what does this page show?
what's the title of the book on the left?
what is the title of this book?
who is the author of this book? his name is printed in white at the top of the page on the right?
"good to great" is written by what author?
what book did jim collins co author?
what year was the first book written on the left?
what is the website listed on the black book?
what is from creative people?
what book is about a famous detective?
what book is on the bottom left?
is this by william johnston?
how much was this magazine?
what is the title of this book?
what is the first world on the right page?
laws relating to the what?
what month was this issue published?
what zoo is mentioned here?
what is the title of the blue book?
what chapter is this?
what are the men's names?
what is the woman telling the men to do?
what is the second thing you get for $198?
what is the name of the blue book?
what is the name of the red book?
what is the price of this book?
who is the author of this book?
what is the title of the story?
what is the rif #?
what are the words in yellow on the top of the album?
what brand is on the box in the center of the image?
this is the laws of what country?
is sir william blackstone mentioned here?
what is the title of this story?
who authored the book?
what is the library code letter used for this book?
what year was the photo taken?
who wrote these books?
what position does this calendar state rudy guiliani claim to be getting sworn in for?
what is the headline of the newspaper the man is reading?
what name is under the horse in the lower right hand corner?
what is the name of this book?
what is the title of the fourth book from the top?
what is the title of the book?
what is the name of the comics with picture of the flaming skeleton head?
what is the name of the purple comic?
is this an old science fiction book?
when was children's book week in 1920?
what is the slogan on the sign?
who is the author of these books?
what does the top of the page say?
is this a book about skandanavia?
what does the sign say that is pointing left in the image?
what name is being displayed in the bottom paragraph?
what's the title of the book the man is holding?
what is the first name of the author?
what united states object here allows travel outside the us?
what is the title of the book?
what does the sentence in the top center of the page say?
are these guise cards?
what kind of belly is mentioned on the right side?
what number is on the wall?
who edited this book?
what is the title of the book?
what volume is this book?
what kind of notes is this book for?
what kind of sea is mentioned on the book to the right?
what author's stories is this book based on?
what legends is this book about?
whose heart is shown on the exhibit on the right?
what holiday is the note on the left for?
when was ashleys founded?
what is the name on the coaster?
what is the track number?
how many oz. does this bottle have?
what is the title?
who wrote that book on the top of the pile?
is this book about china town?
what concept this book?
what season are they suggesting readings for?
who wrote this book?
what is the title of the book?
what is the book about?
who are the authors of this book?
what three letter word is printed in the top right corner of the newspaper?
is this a camera?
what number is next to the word "nova"?
what language is on the bats?
what's the name of this book?
what is the title of the book?
what page number is this page?
what is the book about?
what is the last line of the poem?
what is the email listed for this artist?
what is the text in red?
what is the title of the play?
who wrote the play?
who is the author of the book?
what number is on the book?
what is the title of the book?
who is the author?
what type of game is this?
what is the name of the game?
does dog ear publish college textbooks?
what is a name on this book page?
what is the book in front of the game boy?
what is the name of the magazine?
what is the magazine about?
what kind of beverage is in the bottle?
what is the title to the white book on the left side of the blue book?
what roman numerals are located at the bottom of the page?
what page is this?
what is subheading 4?
what is the name of this book?
what is the caption under the drawing?
who is the author of the book?
what is the books title?
what is the date presented in the book?
what happened on 17-4-2010?
what is the date of publication of the pamphlet?
what is the title of the book?
what is the chapter number?
who wrote, "krapp's last tape"?
what is the price of this book?
what is the book found on the airplane?
what kind of food is served on the plane?
is this a book about the sea?
who is the book translated by?
what is the title of the middle book?
what is the title of the small book on the top?
what year was this roundtable held?
what volume is the last book on the right?
is dandies and desert saints a book?
what year is printed on the coffee cup?
who is the recording artist that made "homework"?
which studio published the daft punk human after all album?
what is the title of the book?
who is publisher?
what is the volume # of the top book?
what lady is mentioned here?
how much is that bill on the cover worth in the us?
what language is written on the book?
who is the author of this book?
what numbers are next to the word lei?
who is the author of the book the long night?
how much did this book cost?
what is the heading on the right page?
what is the title of the main article of the national?
what newspapers are pictured?
what is the first band listed?
who is the author of this book?
what is the name of the last book which is in black color?
what does the circle say?
what state is mentioned on the left page?
what's the book title?
what type of mail is it?
what science tool is this book about?
who is the author?
what is the title of this book?
what's the title of this book?
what can't this sign fix?
what is the word in the middle of the top slogan?
what does it say the word of god is?
what book of the bible is the verse from?
what other book has taleb written?
whats the tittle of this book?
who is the author of the book?
what museum is shown on this advertisement?
what does the card on top say?
what is the price of the book on the right?
who is the author of these books?
is this good intentions?
who is the author of good intentions?
which version of code does the software book teach?
what is the title of the book in yellow?
who is the author of liars and outliers?
who is the man listed at the bottom of this album?
which volume is this?
what's the big word in the middle?
at which school is this photo taken?
who wrote the book?
what is the title of the book?
what dark night is pictured on the gotham underground comic?
what comic is on the left?
how much did this book originally cost?
what is the title of this book?
what is the first word on top?
what is the glove for?
who can you not even trust these days?
what is the frequency  of the radio station the woman is displaying?
in the yellow box, what number is it starting from?
what language is this in?
what is the title to the books?
which edition is this?
what is this book called?
all foreign language?
who performed the music for the album?
who wrote v for vendetta?
the book is called what?
what's the author's first name?
what is the title of the book?
what number is on the smashing book?
what is the title of the book?
who is the author of the book?
what is the title?
which track is this bottle named after?
how big is the bottle in fluid ounces?
which volume is this book?
what is the title of this book?
what is the bottom right book called?
what music service has a gift card at the top of this rack?
what are the solid green gift cards for?
what country is this for?
is this a directory of undergrad programs in sri lanka?
what is the last word on the page?
what is the red letter?
which state is the paper from?
what is the title of this book?
who is the author of the top-middle article?
who is advertised on the flyer on the bottom right?
what is the first name of the author who wrote this book?
what is the title of john norman's work?
which magazine is that?
who is the protagonist in this book?
what movie are these books from?
what first two letters are in the beginning of this comic?
what can these books teach me?
who wrote "soup!"?
what is the year that is printed on the book to the far left?
according to the book, steve martin is what?
what is the chapter teaching you about?
what is the title of the chapter?
who wrote,"salem falls"?
who wrote the silence?
what is the name of the book on the far right?
what is the name of the book in the middle?
how many fluid ounces are in a bottle?
what is the brand of the beer?
what lore does it mention at the end of the paragraph?
who did sid vicious kill?
what kind of leader is mentioned in the article?
what is the article titled?
in which country was the book printed?
who illustrated the cover?
what is the title of the book?
how many volumes of the green book are on the shelf?
what is the book called?
what are the last 3 letters on the bottom?
what is the name of the production company?
what color is the plates with "she-devil productions" on them?
what is the last number on the page?
what is the title of the page on the right?
what is the title of the orange book?
what does the text on the left page say?
what time is it?
who is the author of the books?
what company transports the top right box?
what is the name of the pink magazine?
what year is at the bottom?
how much is the book of the month?
what is the name after p.c.?
who is the author of the book?
what is the year of this journal?
what is the first name on the book?
what is the first three letters of the second name?
what words are below the book?
what is the first word?
that is the title of chapter i?
what is the chapter number?
what industry are these journals about?
what year were these from?
how many nuclear missiles did the inf treaty ban?
what two types of missiles are mentioned?
what year is selling an australian cinderella from?
who wrote and illustrated the essential calvin and hobbes?
what is the name of this book?
who wrote the orange book?
what is the title of the book on the left?
who is the author of this book?
what brand is the orange card?
what book are they reading?
what is the page number the book is turned to?
what can we discover using r?
which book is on the table?
what city is this can in?
what is the title of the second book?
what is the production company?
what orange english words are at the top of the page?
who wrote this story?
this presentation is about different what?
does the presentation have the same modules?
what is the title of the comic?
what year was this photo taken?
whose name is written on the cup on the left?
what coffee shop is this at?
what type of syrup is in the bottle?
what brand is it?
what company made this ale?
the black bags of crisp's are what kind?
what is the brand of liquor?
what brand of beer is advertised on the green sticker?
which company made the whisky?
what is the name of the right beer?
what brand is the beverage?
is it a classic?
what is the name of the drink?
which restaurant is this?
what type of alcohol is in this bottle?
what is the brand name of the alcohol?
what kind of ketchup is on the table?
what batch number is this ipa from?
is the word "banana" on this product?
how many resistors are there in the drawing?
what type of resister is talked about on the right?
what type of beer is almaza?
does rogue farms have an insignia?
is rogue farms a beer company?
is this syrup natural or not?
what is the name of the beer on the left?
what kind of wine is this?
what is the vintage of this wine?
what does it say in green at the top of this ad?
what is the alcohol content?
how old is the wine?
the beer is not a regular bock, what type of bock is it?
what color of beer is in the bottle that is further away?
is this a beer or a soda type of liquid?
what is the city?
what is the brand of the brown ale?
what type of ale?
what is this device called?
which is the left tap?
what is served from the middle tap?
what is the name of this beer?
what kind of drink is the one on the far left?
what is in the bottle?
what city and state is this beverage from?
what is the name of this drink?
what kind of beer is this?
what is the name of this beverage?
what brand of bottle?
is there a draught of peace?
what variety of beer is this?
what brand of beer?
what is written on the wood in front of the bottle and glass?
what is this drink good for ?
where was this bottled?
what does it say underneath the brand name of this wine?
what is the second bottle from the left?
what is in the bottle on the right?
what is the brand and flavor of beer?
what year is the beer from?
what type of drink is it?
what number can we see on the bottle?
what are the beers?
what is the name of the 2nd beer?
what flavor is the plantation style drink?
what is the name of the beer?
who makes this beer?
how many ounces is the beer?
what is the name on the bottle?
how much d.d.t does the bottle contain by volume?
what brand of steak sauce is this?
how many ounces of sauce are in this bottle?
when was guinness first established?
what beer is this?
what brand of alcohol is on this table?
is there apple schnapps on the table?
how much alcohol by volume is in the bottle?
what type of ale is this?
what kind of ale is it?
what type of beer is this specifically?
what brand is the beer?
from what country is this drink?
who makes this candle?
what is the name of this pale ale?
what is the volume of each bottle?
what brand of beer is this?
is the water mineral water ?
what is the brand of mineral water?
what was someone poisoned by, according to the marker writing on the bottle on the left?
what is this drink called?
what is the brand name of this alcohol?
what is the brand on the water bottle?
what country is the water from?
what type of beer is in the fridge?
what flavor does the label say the food is in the can?
what brand is this?
who made this wine?
where is the drink from?
what drink is this?
which national drug store chain is referenced on the white canister with the tan lid on the right?
is this root beer?
what's the name of this alcoholic beverage?
what wine brands are there?
what is the name of this recipe?
does this recipe include caramel?
what drinks are here?
what is the type of rum?
what is the name of the bottle?
what kind of beer is this?
what word is printed under "shibuya beer" on this label?
what kind of beverage is this?
what flavor is this beverage?
who makes this brand of beer?
what country is the ale?
is the green bottle the same soda as the other one?
what is the brand of these bottles?
what color is cited on the left most beer bottle?
what does the bottle in the center say is its name in english?
what percentage of alcohol is in the beer?
what brand of beer is this?
what kind of beer is this?
how does the label describe this ale?
what brand is on the bottle?
what is the brand of this soda?
how many calories in this beverage?
what is the brand of the wine?
what are they leveraging?
what is the brand on the bottle?
what is the name of this drink?
what brewery produced the closest beer?
what animal is named on the bottle on the left?
what is the brand of the beverage?
what is the best season to drink this beer?
what brand is featured?
what color is on the far left bottle?
what kind of mill?
what kind of beer is this?
what does the glass tell you to get?
what brand of water is this?
is this a bottle of astra?
what is the name of the city on the top right of the bottle?
how many liters are the pepsi drinks?
what brand of soda is in the bottles?
which country was that wine made in?
what beer is this?
what is the name brand?
which year was this beer brewed?
what is the website for this pool league?
what is the pool league called?
what is the name of the canned beer?
what year is the middle bottle from?
what year is on the bottle on the far right?
what is the name of the beer in the green can?
what brand is this?
is this a can of blue ice?
what is the brand of beer?
what flavor is that beer?
what company brewed this beer?
in what year was the alcohol made?
is clos vougeot a french wine?
what are the serial numbers of these kegs?
who make this growler?
what kind of root beer does the box say it is?
what brand is this root beer?
what is this a bottle of?
what type of beer is in the gonzo bottle?
where was this purchased?
what is the brand of the beverage?
what number is on the sticker at the top of the bottle?
what beer is this?
what type of beer is this?
what brand is on the left?
what brand of beer is this?
what percentage is shown on the alcohol label?
what brand is the beer next to the plate?
what type of cider is in the bottle?
is this limited edition?
what type of button is on the top of the jars?
what is the brand of the beverage?
how many malt?
what kind of sauce is at the table?
what kind of sauce is in the bottom right?
what variety of beer is this?
what year was the company established?
how many ounces are in the grenadine?
what brad of grenadine is this?
what brand is the red labeled bottles on the left?
how many different flavors are there?
what kind of wine is this?
how many ml is the bottle?
what is the brand of beverage?
what does it offer as far as singing?
the coaster is what kind of comics?
what brand beer is in the bottle?
what is the year of this wine?
what is the winery name?
what year is the l'orme?
what year is the bottle in the middle?
what brand of beer is this?
what brand is the beverage in the image?
what is the first number on the upc label?
what is the volume of alcohol ?
what brewery is this beer made in?
what types of drinks are on the table?
what is the brand of drink?
what is the model number of this amp?
what is the blue bottle used as?
what is the blue can?
what is the size of this drink?
what brands of wine are presented?
are these premium quality?
what is the brand of alcohol seen here?
what is the brand of beer?
what do the words in red say?
what brand is this?
what style of beer is this?
how many ounces is this?
what brand of beer?
what is the flavor of this water?
how many ounces is the bottle?
what is the name of the gin?
what brand of vodka is shown?
what brand of beer is seen here?
is that a corona extra?
what scent is this household cleaner?
what is the name of the lemon scent product?
according to the sign, what 2 important nutrients are found in beef?
is this a sporting event?
is this a bottle of gallo?
what brand is this drink?
what strength is the beer in the middle?
what type of beer is the bottle on the left?
is the ale for up-to-date people?
what is the volume of this bottle?
what kind of lime is the coco breve?
what is the flavor of the orange bottle?
what recipe is this wiskey?
what country did this drink come from?
what kind of beer is this?
how many ounces is this beer?
what is the name of the beer?
what year is the bottle of whiskey from?
what distillery is this from?
is the alcohol less than 6%?
who makes this bourbon?
what type of liquor is this?
what country name that is on the bottle?
is japan fifa world cup collector's bottle's of beer?
is this the name of a beer?
what year is the wine?
what is this brand of liquor?
where is the whisky from?
what is the brand of this drink?
what three letters are next to the word smuttynose?
where was this brewed?
what brand of wine is this?
what beer brand is that?
what are 3 letters and one symbol you can see in between the net?
what's the label of the bottom left finger?
what is the number on one of the top fingers?
where was the rum made?
what is the brand?
what kind of beer is it?
what is this drink?
what flavor is this vitamin water?
what brand of drink is shown here?
what 3 letter word is written on the white sticker?
what is the name on the label?
is this a giftpack?
what must one do before placing the bottle to their lips?
what kind of pleasure does the yellow bottle give?
what brand of beer is it?
what is the left bottle ?
what type of alcohol is this can?
what does the cup say?
what is the brand of the pink bottle?
what drink are they pairing with this soup?
how much is the goya?
what flavor is the a1 steak sauce?
whose name is the boys in the middle?
whose name is on the left bottle?
what kind of drink is this?
who made this beverage?
what is the name on the tan bottle in the back?
what is on the red label?
what is the first word of the name of the beer on the bottom row?
what single letter do you see at the top right of the box?
what type of beer is bottled here?
in what year was the brewery established?
what country is this drink from?
is this drink an original?
what is the brand of the beer ?
what percent of alcohol is the vermouth?
what is in the middle bottle?
what is written on the far left bottle?
what is the brand of beer?
which island does the water come from?
what kind of water is this?
what is in the bottles?
is the barley wine on the right or the left?
what year was this wine bottled?
what is the brand of these items?
what's the volume of the bottles?
what is the brand of this beverage?
does it say custo on the bottle?
is this sero?
what do the two words written vertically say?
what year is the wine?
what is the brand name of the alcohol?
which brewery did this come from?
what brand of beer on the right?
what year is written on the wine?
what is the brand of beer?
what is the alcohol content of the beer?
does the label on beer glass say didsbury beer festival?
what kind of cider is this?
how many ml is this bottle?
what is the name of the bottle of hand sanitize?
what is the last word in the advertisement?
what type of drink is this?
what kind of taste does this have?
what year was san miguel first made?
what is the name of the drink's brand?
what type of beer is this?
what type of beverage is in the bottle?
what kind of crafted beer is this?
is this absinth?
what type of alcohol is in the bottle?
what is the name of this beer?
what is the alcohol content of the center beer?
what is written on that label?
what is the brand of the soda?
how many bottles are in each case?
what is the name on the bottle?
what brand is on the orange bottle?
what is the brand name of the drink?
how many calories are the beverages?
what brand is this drink?
what drink is this?
what brand of beer was in this bottle?
when was the company founded?
what was in the bottle?
what brand was this soda?
what kind of beer is that?
what is the first letter of the second word on the glass?
what flavor is the drink the person is holding?
is y'all written on the bottle?
what flavor of pepsi is on the right?
what wine is that?
is that a wine?
what brand of water is in the bottle?
what kind of water is in the bottle?
is this water still or sparkling?
how many days renewal?
who put out this article?
what style of beer is in the can?
what is the brand name on the can?
what does the card say?
is this a beer or water brand ?
what brand is this beverage?
what animal is the mascot of this beer?
what kind of grass is mentioned on the bottle?
what kind of tea is on the shelf?
how much is the cans of tea?
what name is on this bottle?
what is this bottle slogan?
what percentage of the ingredients used in this beer is natural?
what is brand of beer?
what is the brand?
what country was this made in?
what year was this wine produced?
what brand is this wine?
are the words in the yellow cup english?
what is written on the box?
what kind of whisky is this?
what is the year of the wine?
is peat monster a brand of scotch?
which company makes this whiskey?
what are the letters in red?
what brand of pilsner is this?
what kind of ingredients were used in the brewing process?
what is the name of the beer?
what is the name of the far right drink?
what is the drink that has two bottles?
what brand of beverage is pictured?
what's the word that comes before creek on the bottle?
what flavor is the green boyyle?
what are the papers about?
what does the bottom text say?
is this a stout?
what brand is this beer?
what brand is on the red cans?
what brand of chocolate drink mix is this?
what do the black letters read?
what brand is this?
what kind of drink is in these bottle?
who made these drinks?
what is the left bottle brand?
what wine type is that?
what is the name of the company who makes these drinks?
what flavor is the black drink?
what type of beer is this?
what is the name of the beer in the bottle?
what are happening to children?
what type of drink is sitting next to the glass?
what type of drink is in the glass?
is the tequila all the way to the left a blanco?
what is that glue?
what brand of thirst quencher is displayed?
who made that water?
what drink is in the can?
what type of sauce is tabasco?
what type of sauce is in the near bottle with the orange label?
what brewery produced this beer?
what type of beverage is in the bottle?
what is the number in the background?
what is the scent on the bottle?
what does the top of the bottle say in blue?
does the bottle contain gin?
what is the name on the bottle?
what is written on the mug?
what is the gum name?
which drink is a diet drink?
what is the brand on these bottles?
what fruit is the ale on the left named after?
what brewing company made the beer?
what was in the bottles?
what was the brand name of the bottle?
how much alcohol?
what is the website address?
what number is on the cap?
what kind of drink is in this bottle?
what flavor is this drink?
what percentage is the substance in the bottle?
what does the bottle contain?
what is the name of this wine?
what is the word written on the bottle on the far left?
what name is on the far right?
what brand is the beer?
what is the volume of this beer?
what brand is on this mug?
what is the brand name of this alcohol?
is that a can of coke zero?
what brand of water does it say?
what's the name of the beer on the left?
what type of beverage is in the bottle?
where is the bourbon from?
what beer is on the right?
what is written on the wooden board?
do the bottles all say absolut vodka?
what was campo viejo made?
how many ounces are in this beer?
what is the name of the bottle on the left?
what type of wine is this?
what is the year of this wine?
is this habanero sauce?
where was this sauce made?
what is the name of this lager?
what year was tiger established?
what kind of soda is on the right side of the photo?
from what farm does this bottle come from?
where is bolgos farms?
what kind of drink is this?
how much juice is in the bottles?
what brand is this wine?
what is this superior style of beer, named after the plant it is derived from?
what major brand does the bottle belong to?
what number follows healthy start?
what kind of beverage is it?
what is the brand?
what kind of drink is in the bottle on the left?
does one of the bottles say west end?
what is the company name on the letter?
what kind of pale ale is this?
what kind of rub is being put on the steak?
how many hours of protection does the repellent provide?
what brand of insect repellent is this?
what is the name of the bottled liquid on the right?
how many fluid ounces are in the drink bottle?
what kind of wine is this?
what is the alcohol content of this wine?
what is in the bottle?
what type of old money is this beer named after?
what is the type of beer?
what kind of beer is in the middle bottle?
what is the brand to the right?
what drink is this?
what is the brand of this drink?
what is the other half of the cafe name on the bottle with the orange cap?
what kind of milk tea is in the top left bottle?
what is the name of the beer?
what flavor tea is this?
where is jordan made at?
what year is the bottle?
what number is on the price tag?
what brand of beer is on the table?
does that beer glass have a kaiser beer label on it?
what brand of whiskey is in the bottle?
what should you escape from?
what did the guy on the bottle say about the whiskey?
who is the author of this book?
what is one of the brands of beer in the middle?
what mythical beast is the far right bottle named after?
is this an ipa?
what number is on the bottom of the label?
what is the name of the water bottle?
what brand is the product in the glass container?
what type of premium beverage is this?
what brewery is this stout from?
what kind of beer is this?
what is the #?
where was this beverage made?
how old is the wine?
what is the brand name of the beer in the middle?
how many brand of beers are there?
what is claimed to be in the bottle?
what kind of button pops up?
what is the name of the product?
what type of drink is red bull?
what does the person holding the sign love?
what is written on the purple sign that is completely visible?
what is the title of the book?
what is the name of the beverage on the right?
what type of specimen is this?
what is inside of this bottle?
what time does the clock read on the wall?
what is the name of the rum in the white bottle behind the limes?
how many ml is in this bottle?
how many calories are in each bottle of dewshine?
what is dewshine made with?
from which country that wine come from?
what do the papers say?
what is the name of the drink?
what is the type of wine?
what kind of drink was in this bottle?
what color is the word pepsi?
what is in the right jug?
what is the name of the wine?
what is 100%?
what is the flavor of the ale?
what brand is the bread and mayonnaise?
what year is written on the bottom?
is this hand sanitizer?
what is in the bottle?
in what year was evan williams established?
what state is this made in?
what motorcycle company is depicted on the bottle?
how many years had the red bottle liquor been aged?
which country name is printed in the pusser's rum?
what company makes the moonshine?
what flavor is this?
what is the name of the bottle on the right?
how much tea can you make with the green tea hibiscus bottle?
who should you share the coke with?
what hashtag is on the coke label?
what kind of drink is it?
when was this brewery established?
what flavor are the potato chips?
what type of milk is it?
what is the brand name of the above drink?
what's the name of this beer?
what number is beside 09?
what is the brand of beer in the bottle?
what is the date on the glasses?
what continent is the beer named for?
what is the name of the beer?
who makes whatever is in that red package?
what is in the red package?
what does this "fine red wine" taste like?
what does the wine bottle say?
what's the name of the colouring pencils?
what is the name of the clear bottle?
what kind of alcohol is in the bottle?
what is the name brand on the bottle?
what is the schweppes drink product shown?
what is the brand of the 5 similar bottles?
jura pardon beer?
what is the name of the drink in the middle?
what is the name of the beer?
in what place was this bottle handmade?
does this bottle have an x on it?
what flavor of beer is in the bottle?
what kind of drink is this?
what type of finish did this beer undergo?
what brand of beer is it?
what type of ipa is this?
what flavor is the green drink?
is this norwegian?
what is the name of the drink?
what is the name on the bottle?
what is the website shown in this image?
what is the brand on the wall?
what brand nail polish is displayed in the picture?
what is the brand of the wine?
what type of wine?
what does the text say on the bottles?
what is the web address?
what is the brand featured on these bottles?
what is the brand of beverage in the bottle?
what kind of pears were used in this bottle?
is this beer?
what is the name of this beer?
what is the first word on the blue box at the bottom of the photo?
what is the instruction given in the white bottle?
where is this bottle from?
is this ale?
is the bottle organic?
what are the five ingredients of the leftmost drink?
what's the name of that beer?
what type of cards are mentioned in the card with the photo?
v is for what brewery company?
what year is this malt beverage from?
how many ounces is this bottle?
what is on the clear bottle?
what brand of wine is this?
where was the dead guy ale brewed?
what brand beer is in the bottle?
what is the beer's flavor?
is this an empty bottle of brown ale?
what kind of beer is this/?
are these mini?
what is in the bottle?
who makes the drink?
is the drink fresh?
how much volume is in the bottle?
what is the name of this turkish drink?
what nuts are in the package to the right of the noddles?
what is the website for this beer?
whats the content in the bottle?
what brand of alcohol is this?
how much does the orange label product on the left of the middle shelf cost?
what does the green bottle say?
what is the beer?
what kind of alcohol is the doctors special?
what is the name of the beer in the green bottle?
is this a premium beer?
what kind of forte?
what are the first three letters on sign in the background?
what is the name of the bar?
what are the three letters on the white rectangle on the middle left?
how many milliliters does each bottle of soda contain?
what brand of soda is this?
what kind of ale is this?
how is this ale tempered?
what word is written on the blue test tube between the red and yellow?
what is the name of the beer?
what kind of sauce is in the bottle?
what brand of product is visible in the dish?
what is the recipe type?
what brand of whiskey is this?
what kind of whisky is this?
is there a label that says finlandia?
are these all smirnoffs?
what is the name of this beverage?
what is the name of the drink?
what laptop brand is the computer on the left?
what's the weight of this?
what is the brand of sausage written on the package?
what kind of beer is this?
what kind of collection is it?
what is the year on this bottle?
what brand name is that beer?
what kind of beer is he drinking?
who is the creator of the beer?
what is the company name?
who makes the india pale ale?
what percentage of alchol is in this?
what kind of beer is this?
how many ml is this bottle?
what word is on the mushroom's tag?
what is the number on this hydrant?
what kind of lager was produced?
what is the name of the whiskey?
how much is the coke?
what is the brand of this beer?
what kind of beer is in tht bottle?
what kind of spirit is about to be served?
which transformer is this?
what brand of toy is this?
what is the volume of the liquid in the bottle?
who is the maker of this bottle?
what brand of water is shown?
what kind of chasers?
what is the brand on the bottle?
what proof is the absolute vodka?
what kind of glue is it?
what website is on the yellow card?
where did they serve this drink?
what year was the columbus brewing company established?
what brand of root beer is this?
who make the fursty ferret flavored beer?
what year did shephard beer come about?
what country does this beer come from?
what is the name of the beer?
what is the brand found on both the bottle and the cup?
what brand of beer is the closest bottle?
how many wipes come in the container?
what letters are written on the wipes container?
what brand are the beverages?
what flavor is one of these drinks?
what brand of beer is in the brown bottle on the right?
what type of beverage is in the brown bottle on the right?
what brand is this?
what figure is this?
what number bottle is this?
what brand of beer is this?
what is the title of this book?
who is the author of this book?
what are those empty bottles?
is that light beer?
what drinks are these?
what is being poured into a funnel?
is this soda diet?
what brand are these products?
does the drink contain alcohol?
what brand of beer is this?
what kind of vinegarette is in the bottle?
nutrition food product?
what brand is the beer?
what is ice cold?
what type of alcohol is shown here?
what company made the jars?
what does the bottle say?
what is the name of the sweet tea?
what style of sweet tea is this?
what are in the packages?
name the diaper brand?
who is the man of steel?
what is the name of this newspaper?
what brand of water is shown?
what does it say in the white box?
what variety of blue moon is in the glass?
was this made by a brewing company?
who is the orange gatorade named after?
whose league is it?
is this a bottle of undercover?
what brand of alcohol is this?
does the napkin say "free" on it?
what kind of technology does listerine have?
what is the brand of moutwash?
what is the brand name that is written on the bottle on the top?
where is the gin from?
what soda is in the bottle that says dad's?
what brand is on the bottom of the bottle label?
what do the initials "bb" stand for on the bottle?
what is the name of this drink?
what ship part is this beer named after?
is this beer made in san francisco?
what style of whisky is in the bottle?
what kind of alcohol is this?
what type of ale is this?
who brewed this ale?
what brewing company made this delicious beer?
what is this beer?
what drinks are those?
what brand are these?
what does it say at the bottem of this bottle?
what is the brand of this beer?
what brand of water is in the bottle?
what is the name of this drink?
is this premium beer?
what percent is listed?
what is the brand here?
what is the number percentage listed on the bottles?
what is the first ingredient listed?
what is the name of one of the syrups?
how many labels can you see?
what brand of beverage is in the green bottle?
what brand of beer is this?
what year did spaten start brewing beer?
what letters are in this companies logo?
what is the brand of this beer?
what type of beer is this?
what is the brand of beer?
what number is displayed on the right bottle?
what brand of stout is lit up?
what is the brand name on the screen?
have the almonds been roasted?
what is the butter made from?
what kind of drink is this?
what is the beverage in the middle?
who's name is printed at the top of this "dish soap" label?
what type of soap is this?
what is the kind of ale?
what is the name of the ale in the can?
is this alcohol?
what is the name of the beer?
what is the brand of beer?
where is this pale ale made?
which company made the beer?
how many milliliters is this bottle?
what letter does the bottle's name start with?
what is that drink?
what is the brand name?
what's the brand name of the beer on the far left?
what is the brand name of the beer that says "super strong" on the label?
what type of paper product is this?
are these safe for your heart?
what is the brand?
what is the name of the product on the right?
what is the brand of the bottle on the right?
what brand of beer is on the can?
what does it say on the orange part of can?
what non-coke product is pictured here?
is this the full sugar pepsi?
what is the name of this cleanser?
who makes the cleanser?
what brand made this beverage?
what kind of eyeball is mentioned on the bottle?
what kind of drink is for sale?
who's hard lemonade is this?
how many fluid ounces of beer does the bottle hold?
what kind of milk is in the chilled ice?
what is summer tomat's motto?
does pizza hut make their own sauces?
what is the company who makes the products in the red bottles?
what is the company listed on the bottle in the background?
is the "caution" sticker scratched a bit on the left bottle?
how many ounces are in this beer?
what kind of beer is this?
in which year was the heineken brand established?
what date is on the bottle?
whats in small letters on the mug?
what do the larger letter spell?
what drink is next to the basket?
what brand of molasses?
what does this beer taste like?
what is the top word?
how many calories are in the green bottled drink?
is the name of this 166?
what percent alcohol is this drink?
who makes that liquor?
what is the name of the drink?
what brand is the drink?
is this person a avid drinker?
what is the brand of alcohol on the far right?
what is in the bottle?
what is the source of water?
what brand name is on the hot chili sauce bottle?
what brand of beer is on the container on the left?
what state is this whiskey made in?
what brand of whiskey is this?
what beverage is this?
where is that drink made from?
what kind of sauce is that?
what brand is the sauce?
what american state is named on this label?
what is written on the silver label on the bottle?
what is the brand of the beer?
what is the alcohol volume shown in this bottle?
what is the bottle on the right called?
what kind of beer?
what is in the bottle on the left?
what is the name of this north american craft beer?
what is written in gray on the glass to the right?
is skyy back there?
who made the toy?
what is the brand name of this toy?
how much alcohol is there by volume?
what is the name of this liquor?
what is in the jar on the far right with the yellow label?
what brand is the table salt?
what brand whiskey is in the bottle?
what kind of beverage is in the bottle?
what kind of store is this?
what is the name of this store?
what is the brand of the drink?
how many ounces are in each bottle?
what kind of beer is this?
what brand of water is this?
what letter is in the red star on the glass?
what is this woman's name?
the drink is called pink what?
what type of beverage is this?
what is the term in black text on the label?
what is the label of the front bottle?
what is the name of the brewing company?
what is the company's name?
what does it say on the bottle?
what is the name on the bottle?
what is the volume of this drink?
what is hand crafted?
where is whale ale made?
how many speeds does this blender have?
what type of condiments are these?
what is on the yellow container on the far left?
what two types of items does it say to put in the container?
what brands of beverages is on the bottles?
what year is on the wine?
what is the brand name?
what is in the jar?
what is the price of the first item on the menu?
what state is this brewery located in?
what percentage volume is the drink?
what is the name of the drink?
what brand of tequila is this?
what year is on the bottle?
what year is this wine?
when does this beer expire?
what does the beer bottle label say on the red ribbon?
what does the wrapping paper repeat over and over again?
what is the title of the board?
what kind of liquor is this?
name this bourbon?
what is the name of the drink in the bottle?
how many ounces in this bottle?
what is the brand of the whisky on the left?
what is the brand of the blue bottle?
what are the first two words, printed at the top of the label, of the can on the left?
whats the city on the cans?
what letter is on the bottle?
what soft drink is behind the mug?
what is the brand of the drink?
what brand is the beer on the left?
what brand of cordial is this?
what is one of the flavors of the cordial?
what is the japanese beverage called?
what kind of drink is this?
what is the designation of the table?
what hotel is this from?
what is the name of the beer in the bottle?
what is the first word on the bottle?
what is the drink on the right?
what is the brand of water?
what brand of gum is in the blue pack?
what country was this made?
what is the name of the brewery on the bottle?
what type of gum is this?
what is number five on the key?
what is the alc. % of this liqueur?
what letter is inside the star?
what is the name of the beer in the dark colored bottle?
is this a bottle of toohey's?
what brand of beer is this?
what is in the bottle with the red top?
what flavor is the green beverage?
what kind of beverage is this?
what is the % of less sodium?
what type of foam is this?
what do you get free?
what flavor is this beverage?
what is the brand of this drink?
what is the number on the can?
what type of gin is gordon's?
what type of beverage is stocked on the shelf?
what kind of tea is in the four bottles on the left?
what confection is the cartoon representing?
what's right beow the cartoon image?
all of the bottles appear to be what type of liquor?
what kind of liquor are these bottles?
who issued this certificate?
what event does the bottle come from?
what brand name is the bottle?
what does the black label beer say?
which beer tap starts with a b?
is that apple cinder beer?
what brand name is seen here?
what is the name of the brewery?
what company makes this medication?
what is the ml on the bottle?
which one has light pulp?
what is the company's name?
what asian fermented food is shown here?
what is the flavor on the left bottle?
in what city and state is this drink made in?
what is the brand of the ale?
what type of perfume is referenced at the bottom of this wikipedia article screenshot?
what does the caption under the photo of perfume say?
what brand is on the brown bottle?
what us in the small bottle on the right?
what brand is this vodka?
what fruit is mentioned on the large bottles up above?
what kind if beer is this?
what is the brand of beer in the background?
when is woodstock open?
what is the name of this beer?
what kind of wine is this?
how many letters in the first word in the name?
what brand of beer is on the table?
what brand of beer is in the ice?
how many milliliters are in this bottle?
is there a bottle of coors?
what is the word under the word coor's on the front of the bottle?
what brand of vodka is next to the coke bottle in the distance?
what kind of liquor is in the closest bottle?
how many abv is this beer?
what is the name of the package containing all of these bottles of nail polish?
what type of nailpolish is this?
what brand of ale is this?
is one of these good for the urinary tract?
what is the name at the top of the first box?
how many water bottles are there?
what is the name of the drinks in the picture?
what does the white text on the bottom label say in the blue section?
what ml is the medicine?
what type of beer is this?
what type of festival is on the glass?
what is the brand on the bottle?
what brand of wine is this?
what type of wine is this?
what brand is the beer in the bottle?
what type of fantastic liquor is shown here?
what is the name of the liquor to the right?
who is this beverage brewed and bottled by?
how many ounces are in the bottle?
what brand is the pre-wash?
what brand is the dark wash?
what is the name of the brewing company?
what is the slogan of this brewing company?
what flavor is the red liquid in the bottle?
how many ounces are in the bottle?
what city and state are these bottles from?
what kind of bottles?
what brand of beer?
what is the name of the person shown?
what city are these bottles from?
what is in the large bag that is behind the smaller bag?
which company makes these products?
what type of whiskey is the bottle on the left?
what is the brand of the whiskey?
who makes this woodward reserve?
what state was this whisky made in?
what year was the nectar made in ?
what is the name of this beverage?
what brand is the beer?
what is the brand of beer?
what kind of drink is in the bottle?
what brand of glass jar is this?
what brand do these food products belong to?
what is the brand of beer shown?
how many years is the beverage?
what is the brand?
what is the name of the cola?
how many ounces in the bottle?
what type of beer is in the bottle?
what brand of beer is this?
what ounces is this beer?
what brand is on the green bottle?
what brand of beer is that?
what kind of beer is this?
what is the name of the beer?
what brand of alcohol is this?
what country is this beer from?
how much alcohol does the vodka have?
what type of vodka is this?
what year is on the bottle?
what kind of drink is this?
how many ounces in this beer?
the mucilage is made from pure what?
according to this, the best is the what?
what is the brand name featured on this glass?
what brand of car can you win from this bottle?
is this an non alcoholic or a alcoholic drink?
what is the word in green text at the bottom?
what is the name of this beer?
what year is this company established?
what glass is that?
when was this drink established?
how many ounces are in the bottle of gin?
what type of gin?
who makes that whisky?
what type of liquor is it?
how many hearts or lives does this player have left, according to the top left corner?
what is the name of the beer?
what is the alcohol percentage?
what type of beer is this?
what ingredient was the ale brewed with?
what does the green letters say?
is the brand visible on that bottle water?
what kind of tea is this drink?
who makes monster rehab energy drink?
what is the best season for this beer?
is this miller?
what type of miller beer is this?
is this ketchup organic?
what type of heinz product is that?
what brand made the pickles?
what percent juice is the beverage in the can?
what is the brand of the first bottle/?
what is the alcohol volume?
what is he holding?
what does that say on the water label?
what kind of drinks are those?
what is the brand?
what is in the boxes?
what is in the bottles on the right?
what brand is it?
what style ale is this?
what brand is on the bottle?
what disc format does the drive take?
what brand of drive is shown?
what is the brand of vodka in the picture?
what brand is on the clear bottle?
what kind if beer is this?
what is the name of this lager?
when was this bottle made?
what is the wine name ?
what is the brand of car care materials?
what type of cream is on the small can on the right?
what does the sign say on the cooler?
what kind of beer is on the bottom right?
how many ounces?
what brand of beer is this?
what is the brand of soy sauce?
how many ml are in the soy sauce?
what is the brand of alcohol?
what type of beer is this?
what kind of beer is this?
what is the brand?
what color is the letters?
what is written on the bottom of the box?
what brand of beer is this?
what brand is the laptop on the left?
what is the 3 letters in the neck of these bottles?
what is the name of the bottle on the far right?
what is the drink on the very left?
what name is on the box?
what company made the product in the bag on the far right?
what state is the dairy located?
what brand does maracuja belong to?
what kind of stout is it?
what brand is this drink, found at the top?
what type of beverage is in the bottle on the left?
how many fluid ounces are listed on the bottle on the left?
is the beer gluten free?
what is the alcohol content of this beer?
what winery is this bottle from?
what year was this wine produced?
what brand of soda is in the bottles?
how many ml is the bottle?
what's the brand name on the green bottle?
what is a brand of water in the pile?
what is the type of beer on the left?
where was the ale made?
what is in the jars?
who makes this vodka?
is this vodka at least 80 proof?
what animal is listed on the yellow label?
what is the drink in the bottle on the right?
where is the beer from?
when was the wine bottled?
what country is listed on the middle bottle?
what liquor is the bottom left?
what kind of beer is heineken?
what brand of beer is shown?
what kind of beer is this?
what year is on the bottle?
what's the brand of this beer?
what number is featured on this bottle?
what kind of heroes are in the package?
is this a new arrival?
what brand is the beer?
what brand is the white bottle?
is the stud for men?
what is a slogan for powerade aqua?
what type of drink is this?
what kind of drink is this?
what brand of beer on the left?
what kind of nutrition does this brand offer?
what is the brand name?
what flavor is the beer ?
what percent alcohol does this beer contain?
what kind of special pack is it?
what year are these?
what is the brand name on the bottle on the top of the label?
what brand of beer is this?
what kind of ale is this?
what is the name of the drink on the left?
what name is on the bottom of the bottle?
any diet drinks there?
what flavor of fanta?
whats the year on the last beer of the right?
what date is written on the label?
who makes the bottled beverage?
is there for breakfast?
what kind of beer is it?
what name is on the closest card?
what does it say in the centre of this page?
what are the two prominent words on the milk?
wha type of beer is river walk?
what brand of beer is in the bottle?
is epic a pale ale?
what brand of beer is in the can?
is heineken a premium quality beer?
what is the white device called?
what brand is the bottle of water?
what is the name of the beer brand?
what is the % alcohol?
what is the brand of the bottle?
when was the drink made?
what kind of beer is this?
who makes this beer?
whose name is on that bottle?
what should you share with travis?
what's in the left jar?
what type of liquid is in the right bottle?
what brand of beer is this bottle?
what number is written on the bottle?
what is the brand?
is this imported?
what is the name of this olympia drink?
what is the search engine?
what is the name of the beer printed on the box?
what brand of soda is in the background?
how much does a diet coke cost?
which brewery made this drink?
what is the numerical number written in the bottle?
what type of liquor is in this bottle?
what is the brand name of this liquor?
what year was this beer brand likely first established in?
what is the brand of beer?
what style is this drink?
what is the letter on the top left?
what city is mentioned on the bottle?
this is bottle?
who is the brewery?
what brand of beer is this?
what is the brand name on the can?
what drink is in this bottle?
what is the name of the beer?
is this a bottle of vulcano?
what is the name of this item?
what are the letter colors?
what brand of nail polish is this?
in what year did the company begin?
what does fresh deli sell?
what brand is the hot sauce with the green bottle?
what brand of hot sauce is there more than one type of here?
what percent alcohol is this product?
what brand is the bottle in the front?
what kind of product is in the clear tubes?
what is the brand of the usb on the left?
what brand of wine is that?
what type of wine is this?
what is the brand of this condiment?
who makes that liquor?
what kind of liquor is this?
what is the person name on the bottle?
what is the hashtag on the label?
what brand is the sauce being feature?
what words are written on the red folder?
what is the brand of beer?
what is the % alcohol?
is horny goat a lager?
what brand of whiskey is displayed?
what is in red on the right side?
why type of liquid is in the bottle?
what year was this made?
what is after, "after" in the name of the beer?
what is the last word of the brand name?
what is the name of the beer?
what type of beer is it?
what kind of whiskey is this?
what number is written out as part of the name on the center cain bottle?
what year are these made in?
does it mention if the beer is wet or dry on the bottle?
what is the name of beer on the bottle?
how many oz is the bottle?
what word is next to chip at the top?
what brand of hot sauce is on the counter?
who makes the hot sauce?
what is specially designed?
what is 99 centers?
who is the author of the book?
what is the brand name?
what percent whey is the product?
what flavor is the whey?
what brand of monitor is this?
how many years has red stripe been around?
is that a beer bottle?
what type of drink is in this bottle?
what kind of drink is this?
what brand is the drink?
the yellow bottle has what word repeated over the label?
how does the blue bottle make you feel?
what animal is on the bottle?
what is the net weight of the spices?
what is in the top right jar?
what country is this beverage affiliated with?
how many malt whisky is this?
who makes the red bottle?
what word can you spell with the first three letters of the first word?
is absolute a vodka?
what groups are in the second vial from the left?
what is the code at the top of the label on the second bottle from the left?
what are the last three letters of the brand name?
what is the name of the brewing company that makes this beer?
what kind of ale is this?
what is the product designed to be used on?
what is the band on the bottle?
what brand beer is this?
what brand of vodka is this?
what is the type of gin?
what is the company name that made the glass cup?
what is the name of the person on the bottle?
what brand is this beer?
what does the top of the bottle say?
what country does this drink come from?
what kind of soda is this?
what color bottle is the oven cleaner?
what color is the counter cleaner?
what is the brand of tequila shown on this bottle?
what style of beer is in the bottle?
what name is on the bottle?
what is written between the quotation marks, above the word brand and below the word african?
what brand of soda has a, "new taste"?
what is the name on the first bottle?
what type of beer is this?
how many ounces is the bottle of olde english?
what is the name of the beer in the middle in the front?
what is written on the beer on the left?
what type of beer is in the can?
what is the quality?
what type of whiskey is in this bottle?
is this made by old house?
what room is the middle bottle from?
what is the brand name on the bottle?
what country has hoppy ale?
how many ml in this beer bottle?
what is the name of this color?
how many ounces is the container?
what year was this wine made?
what wine did they drink?
what's the name of the beer blue can in the back?
how many fluid ounces are in this bottle?
what kind of vodka is displayed?
what country is this vodka from?
what kind of beer is this?
what is the brand?
what is the brand name of this beer?
what genre is in the top left hand corner?
what is the name of the drink?
what is the brand of this beverage?
when was this brewed in?
what is the name of this drink?
onuble bastard drink?
what type of drink is this?
what year was this bottled?
what type of hygiene product is this?
what is the brand of tp?
what beer brand is shown here?
what is the name of the whiskey?
where is this whiskey made?
when was the picture painted?
what year is on the picture?
what is the brand of this scotch?
what is the name of the wine?
who makes that?
what is the seasoning in the middle?
what is the number next to the label brew?
what country is this from?>?
what is the name of the whiskey with the red wax neck?
what brand of alcohol is in the middle?
what is the name of the beer?
what brand of beverage is in the bottle?
what brand of beer?
what flavor of soda is on the bottle?
where is the middle beer from?
how many cl in this bottle?
what brand is the wine?
what kind of wine is in the left bottle?
what is written on this bottle?
what is the number on the label?
what flavors are available?
what year was this?
how long should you steep this tea?
what is the brand name of this tea?
what university is this from?
what fruit flavor is in this beverage?
what political party is mentioned on the slides?
who made this special reserve?
how many ml are in the bottle?
what does this product hope you feel soon?
when does that pack expire?
where is the play taking place?
what flavor of soda is this?
how many calories does this soda have?
what type of liquor is in this bottle?
what is the brand?
how many bottles are on this table?
what type of alcohol is in the bottles?
what brand water is the bottle in the middle?
what kind of coffee cup is shown?
what flavor is the rootbeer?
what street is it?
what seasonal best?
what type of sauce is this?
how much is the banana sauce?
is the fruit artificial or natural in the beverage?
what brand of drink is htis?
what is in the bottles?
what is the brand of beverage on the dark bottle?
what is the brand of beer?
what is the beer's specific flavor?
what beverage is in the blue can?
what do these bottles say?
what company is shown under bottle name?
what is in the bottle?
is there any rehab monster there?
what brand of drink?
what size of batches is this brewed in?
what is the brand name?
what kind of whisky is in the bottle?
what is in the jar on the left?
what is the brewer name?
what product is for smart, healthy hair?
what is the product used for?
how many ounces in this pale ale?
what kind of ale is this?
what kind of cake is it?
what brand of smoothie is this?
what country is the wrapped bottle from?
what is the name of this drink?
what is the drink for?
what is the phone number listed?
what question is being asked at the top of the page?
what year was the bottled water company established?
what kind of company is wurster?
what type of friendly?
what brand of alcohol?
what is the alcohol brand?
what's the percentage of alcohol in this drink?
look the picture is beer or liquor?
what kind of liquor is there?
what brabd of rum is on the bottom right?
which is the seelen bottle?
what does the cup say?
what is the first word on the bottle?
what is the second word on the bottle?
what's written on the bottle's cap?
what brand of drink is in this bottle?
is that a bottle of heroin?
where was the bottle in the middle manufactured?
is lerie written on the bottle?
what is the brand name of the beer?
what is in the bottle?
how many ounces is this beer?
which brand drink is that?
is this drink made using cane sugar?
what is the brand on the bottle?
what colours are the bottles?
what is the brand for this negative retoucher?
what type of almanac does it say it is?
what is the name on the bottle?
what is the name of the soda in the middle?
what is the brand on the right?
what is the name of this?
the name is ouzo?
what state was this likely made in?
what kind of coke is that?
what sis the name that is scratched out?
how many liters are in each bottle?
what kind of pepper is mentioned on the bottle in the middle?
what brand is the back right glass?
what is in the boxes?
how much does the enema cost?
what kind of ale is blue moon?
which brand is brown ale?
is this the heineken?
how many bottles are in each pack of beer?
what is the name of the ipa in front?
what vintage year is this beverage?
what year was this drink bottled?
what is the brand of beer in the photo?
what year is on the bottle?
how much ml this needle?
what is the brand of the drink?
what kind of water is this?
what type of beer?
who is the author of this book?
who published this book?
what dairy is the left bottle from?
what year is think wine from?
what brand is this?
what kind of energy drink is this?
what variety of beer is this?
what brand of beer is on the left?
what kind of ale is this?
what flavors are these syrups?
what brand are the syrups?
is the beverage organic?
what is the date printed near the top of the label?
what is the name of the drink?
what area of the body are most of these treatments for?
what brand is the acne treatment gel on the far left?
what flavors are displayed here?
what is the brand name?
what is the name of the cola drink?
how many fluid ounces are in this beverage?
what brand of drink is written on the container?
who made the juice?
what is the name of the beer?
what kind of beer in she drinking?
what are the last two words of the brand on the bottle?
what brand of whiskey is the middle one?
what kind of beer is this?
how many calories in this beer?
can we recycle that bottle?
is this person's name paul downey?
how old is he?
what type of drink is here?
what brewing company makes this beer?
who brews this beer?
what is the name of the beverage?
what is written above the words in red?
what is the name of this beer?
what is the name of this ale?
what type of drink is big wave?
what drink is in the bottle?
what is the motto of this brewery?
what brand of alcohol is this beer?
what does the right beer label say?
what percent alcohol does the beer contain?
what strength is this beer?
is this tonic water?
what is the brand of the ale?
what is the first name on the id badge in the middle of the table?
what is the brand of the quick barley?
what type of pasta is that?
popular video website?
what type of tequila is that with the cork top?
what is the business name listed on the telephone booth sticker?
what is the stickers phone number?
what brand does the forth bottle from the left say?
what big white number is on the beer bottle?
what sort of beer is being served?
what kind of rum is in the bottle?
what rank does the beer on the right claim compared to other beers?
where is the beer on the left from?
what brand is this beer?
what type of beer is on the glass?
what is in the bottle?
what's the brand name of the beverage?
how much does the second bottle at the top cost?
what is the kind of drink being featured here?
what kind of drink is this?
who makes this classic yellow mustard?
what color is this mustard?
what is the brand of the pink and yellow product?
what is printed on the glass?
how many ml?
what is the name of th ale?
who makes this beer?
how much cleaning action?
what is in the bottle according to the label?
what brand's product is this?
what is the brand of ale?
what is the brand name of the maple syrup?
what flavor is the white jar?
which side is the coke glass on?
what brand is the empty bottle?
what are these items?
what kind of bottles?
what is the name of the brewery that made this beer?
how did they age this drink?
what brand of soft drinks?
what type of fanta is it?
what fruit is the striped bottle flavored with?
what country is the beer from?
what brand of whiskey is this?
what is the name of the brewery that manufactures this ale?
what is the name of this beer?
what is the name of this drink?
how much is in there?
what type of special is being advertised by this flyer?
what year was this photo from?
how much does the jose cuervo margarita cost?
what is on the green sign?
what does the name card on the first left say?
what type of alcohol is shown in this picture?
what does the sign say?
how much hot sauce is in the bottle on the right?
what is the volume of the sauce on the right?
what is the name of this drink?
what is the brand of this drink?
laphroaf px cask?
what brand makes aquakids?
how many ml are in the bottle?
what beer is that?
where was it brewed?
what kind of drink is this?
where is this beer brewed?
who made this beer?
what year is on the bottle to the very right?
what kind of beer is this?
what is the price of the beer?
what is the name of the beer?
what drink is this?
what is the name of this drink?
where has this cocktail been handcrafted from?
what's the volume of the bottles?
does this go up to 900?
what is the lowest unit measurement is displayed on the bottle?
what beer brand is on the glass?
what kind of beer is this?
what type of drink is the bottle on the far left?
what brand is the beverage on the far left?
what kind of beer is this?
how many ml's are in a bottle?
is aupollo an american ipa?
what kind of beer is aupollo?
what year is on the bottle?
whtas the brand of this drink?
what is the blue drink called?
is that pringles i am seeing?
is this a porta marillo?
what is the flavor of the beverage?
what brand is this soda?
what brand of beer on the left?
what type of liqueur is shown?
what brand is it?
what flavor is this beer?
what is the brand?
what is that liquor called?
who is the brewery of this beverage?
how many fluid ounces in each bottle?
what is the brand name of these?
what brand is this product?
how many grams are in this bottle?
what brand of juice is shown?
does it say whether or not it's the best?
what is the net weight of the product?
what country is this a product of?
what country is mentioned on this bottle?
what word is written above the top horizontal line on the bottle?
which brewery made this ale?
what brewery is this beer from?
what is in the bottle on the front, right?
what state is mentioned with healthy air?
what state do you see?
what type of travel?
what color is the ale?
what brand of alcohol is this?
what brand is the yellow beverage?
what is the brand of the beer?
what kind of beer is this?
what flavour is this sparkling water?
who makes this water?
what is the name of the aged cider?
what is the name of the beer on the left?
what is the brand of this beverage?
who made this drink?
what kinf of beer is this?
what brand is the grain belt beer?
what flavor is this drink?
what is in the green bottle?
what is in the bottle closest to the camera?
what is the volume of these liquor bottles?
what kind of vodka is this?
how much does each product cost?
what is the name of the product on the sign?
what kind of beer is this?
what is the word written in black on the silver lining?
what's the name of this sauce?
what beer brand is on the labels on the right?
is this alcohol?
what brand is this?
what is the percentage of alcohol in this beverage?
what wine is that?
what's the name of the shower gel?
what kind of root is used to make this shower gel?
what brand of alcohol is this?
what brand is in the bottle on the left?
what kind of alcoholic liquid is in the bottles on the table?
what brand os beer is on the table?
where was this beer imported from?
what year vintage is the sake on the far right?
what kinds of beers are in the fridge?
what sport does this yellow sign refer to?
how many ml's do the beakers hold?
what letter is hand-written on the flask in the lower left corner?
what brand is this mouth wash?
what company is he with?
what kind of laptop does he have?
what does the arrow say?
is this an american pale ale?
what brand of beer are these bottles?
what type of beer is this?
what brand is the alcohol in the green bottle?
what is this a map of?
what kind of links does the places on the map have?
how many ml are in the bottle?
is reissdorf a german beer?
what kind of beer does reissdorf sell?
what brand is in the green bottle?
is this dark or light beer?
what is inside of that can?
what kind of drink is in the bottles?
how much is in each bottle?
what presenting software is being used on the screen?
name in the middle of the screen is?
what is the volume of the beer?
what is the name of the drink?
what brand is the hard cider?
what kind of farm is it from?
do the objects need to be connected?
what is the first word on the blue thing?
what is the name of this beer?
what brand of alcohol?
what is the brand of the beer?
what year was this beer brand established?
what is the beverage on the left?
what brand is this wine?
what number is on the top labels of the bottles?
what kind of ketchup is it?
what kind of soda is this?
how many fluid ounces are in the bottle?
what is the name of this drink?
what is the alcohol volume of blossa glogg?
what is the number of the orange bottle?
what type of drink is this?
what is the city name in the photo?
what brand of water is this?
what is the first word printed on the neck of this bottle?
what kind of drink is this?
what brand of measuring cup is this?
how many cups is the top line?
what is the price of the bottle of water?
what is the brand of water?
what kind of liquor do the bottles have inside them?
what is the brand name?
how many bottles fit nicely 2 by 2?
what is the brand of alchohol?
what type of drink is this?
what kind of beer is this?
how many fluid ounces?
who makes that beer?
what is the number on the beer bottle?
what kind of beer is this?
what is the name of the oil?
what type of oil is it (vegetable wise)?
whats the word on the top right bottle?
what language is the green word?
who created dewshine?
how many calories per serving?
what brand of beer?
are these bottles written in german?
what is the name of the beverage?
what soda is in the bottle?
how many ml's can this bottle hold?
what is the name on the gatorade poster?
what is the number of the player on the bottle in the center?
what kind of soda was used to build this statue?
what word in red is repeated in this photo?
how many ounces does the bottle of cinnamon have?
what state is mentioned on the jar?
what flavor of beer is the third bottle from the left?
where did the medications come from?
what is printed on the bottle in middle?
what brand is this soda?
how many quarts are in this bottle?
is this an imported or domestic drink?
what is the brand of the tea on the right?
what is in the bottles?
what brand of liquor is in the bottle on the left?
what brand is on the right?
what brewery makes these ipa brews?
what is the name of the drink on the far right?
what brand of beer is this?
which company makes this beverage?
what is the name of this beverage?
where is hopskey whiskey made?
what brand is on the bottle on the front right?
what is the english word under the japanese characters?
what is in the red and white container?
what kind of espresso is it?
what kind of ale is in the bottle?
what type of liquor is on the right?
what brand is on the left?
what year was this bottled in?
what word is written below edelherb on the neck of the bottle?
is this about learning to do a  straw trick?
when was dr. pepper established?
what is the first word on the label?
what brand of beer is this?
how many liters is this bottle?
what is the word in red on the 2nd bottle?
what kind of drink is this?
how many ounces is this beer?
what does the bib say?
what brand of pinot grigio is this?
do they have a bar menu?
where does this drink originate?
what is this called?
what flavor are they?
how many ml in the bottle?
what is the name of the product in the purple bottle?
what alcohol is this?
what type of beer is this?
what brand is this?
what is the tagline?
does ballantine still make drinks?
what country is the ad asking you to save?
what company is being advertised?
what page is this ad on?
what substance used to be kept in this bottle?
how many grams of aspirin is in the box?
what is in the bottles?
how much is the orange juice?
what brand drink is in the bottle?
what do the bottles contain?
what kind of lager is it?
what is the first initial on the first tube?
what brand soda is behind the beer bottle?
what brand of beer?
what number is on the top of the beer bottles?
what city is written on the lady's t-shirt?
what kind of cafe are they at?
what brand is this?
when did the event take place?
what medication is this?
which big pharma company made this medication?
what fruit is cited on the bottle?
what city does it say in the circle?
what type of sauce is in the bottle with a green cap?
what is the label on the bottle in green?
what us state is this whiskey from?
what brand of whiskey?
who is listed on the jar?
what is the name of the beverage in the middle?
what brand in this beer?
what is the name of the gin?
what is the name of the vodka?
what kind of drink is this?
what is the direct sub folder under cms?
what is the title at the top of the display?
what's the brand name on this vodka?
what famous scientist is this beer named after?
what is the name of the beer?
what kind of wine is this?
what color are the words "snake wine"?
what brand of soda is shown in the poster?
is this an old vending machine?
what does the bottle say?
what beand is the can?
what is the name of the russian stout?
what brand of whiskey is displayed?
is the whiskey a single barrel?
what kind of drink is this?
what kind of calories is in this drink?
what kind of wine is this?
what brand of beer?
what beer is to the right of blue moon?
what brand of energy drink is shown?
what month is on the calendar?
what is the brand name of the cans with skulls on them?
what brand of bottle is it?
what is the brand name of this whiskey?
how old is this whiskey?
what flavor is the purple soda?
what brand of soda is this?
what type of beer is featured in this photo?
what year is on the beer label?
what is the brand of soda on the right?
is the flavor apple sweet or sour?
what beverage is i nthe glass?
what is the bottom line on the bottle?
what brand of ale is in the bottle?
what is usually put in this glass jar?
what state is this from?
where was this whiskey bottled?
what is the brand name on this bottle?
who is the author of the red book?
what is the pink book titled?
what company makes fino?
what is the name of the beer?
what is the name of the brewery that produced this beer?
what brand is this cider?
how many ml is this bottle?
what flavor of ale is this?
what is the name of the beer?
what is wrote below the name brand of the beer?
what adjective is mentioned before the word granny on the label?
what type of beverage is this?
what news outlet published this story?
what is the name of this beer?
what is the name of this drink?
what percent alcohol does this contain?
what brand is the bottle?
what letter is printed largely on the bottle?
what is the brand name on the can?
what type of sprite is being featured?
what brand of soda on the right?
what percentage of alcohol is in the rum?
what is the brand?
what is the name of this beer?
what is this called?
what brand of beer is this?
who made this glass?
what number is written under h-p?
why type mix is the bag?
what brand of beer is shown?
what beer is on the far right tap?
what brand of beer is severed in the middle tap?
which beer has the green package?
what kind of beer is in the orange carton?
where do you keep your eyes?
what kind of "times" is on the koozie?
what summer olympics is this beverage company sponsoring?
what brand is the wine in the boxes?
what year was the wine on the left made?
what country is it made in ?
it says alsina & what?
what winery is this depicting?
is this beer premium or no?
where is the fragrance from?
what is the name of the perfume?
does cognac taste good?
what kind of alcohol is this?
what kind of ale is this?
is rye farmhouse ale a brand of beer?
what is the word written in blue?
is this a malt beverage or spirit?
what number is on the bottle?
what is on the glass on the left?
what year was this drink made?
what is the name of this beer?
where can i purchase this cider?
what brewery is represented by these beverages?
what is the red drink?
what brand of toy car is that?
what year is the unicum zwack?
what kind of tonic water is it?
what type of drink is this?
who makes this classic fruit drink?
what is the name of the beer?
what series of carling beer is this?
what is the brand of alcohol?
what number is on the spray bottles?
what are the white letters on the can?
how many ml is this bottle?
what is in the bottle?
what type of liquor is in the glass bottle?
what kind of beer is in the bottles?
what beer brand is shown on the green box?
wht is the date at the bottom of the label?
what kind of vodka is on the shelf?
is there more than one brand of vodka on the shelf?
what kind of soda is in the cooler?
what brand is this liquor?
what date is written on the bottle?
what is the time stamped next to the date?
is this american rye whisky?
what is in the white package?
who makes the contents of the bottle?
what does it say on the centre of the glass?
what is the year on this label?
what is the mae of this brand?
what year is on the sign?
what famous beer brewer is shown on both the bottle and the cup?
which beer is displayed?
this bottle is 100% what?
what is the pbrand of beer?
what is the name of this beverage?
what flavor is this alcohol?
what brand of beer is in the brown bottles?
what brand of beer is this?
are these hometown brews?
what is the brand of beer?
what board game is the black box?
what is the name of the product in the can?
how much alcohol by volume is in the beverage?
what is the brand of alcohol?
what is the brand of alcohol in the picture?
what kind of alcohol is that?
is downtown brown a kind of beer?
what brand of beer?
what kind of wine is this?
what are the numbers on the top circle label?
what kind of alcohol is in the bottle?
what brand is the alcohol?
what is the word above jean david?
what beverage is this georgia drink?
what year is noted on the front of this can?
what drink is that?
is the bottle goya?
what type of beer is it?
what year is on the label?
what is the name of this ale?
what type of bumballhead is the beer?
what is the name of the beer?
how many extra ml in the pepsi?
what kind of oil is sitting on the self?
is the left bottle one or two pints?
what are the first two words printed on this label, on the narrow part, near the neck of the bottle?
what is the name of the beer?
what brand is this beer?
is this a bottle of chablis?
what year was the chablis made in?
what looks naked?
what is the name on this beer?
is the beer imported?
what kind of beer is this?
when was this bottled?
what is in these jars?
which company made the honey?
where does the water come from?
what is in the bottle?
what type of beer is in the bottle?
according to the label, is this a dark or pale ale?
what is on the green and white sign in the background?
who's brew is this?
how much beer is in this container?
what does robo quencher serve you?
what kind of sauce is this?
who is the manufacturer of this beer?
what beverage is in the bottle?
what brand of drink do these bottles belong to?
what does the sticker on the petrol sign say?
what brand is this beer?
what does the glass say?
what is the hashtag of the coke campaign?
what's the name on the bottle?
did a company put together those supplies?
what is the name of the systems?
what type of food and beverage does the company listed on the bag sell?
what country is the food from?
what kind of beer is this?
what is pepper's military rank?
what brand is on the label of the wine farthest to the left?
what brand is the first bottle on the right?
how much is the mango vodka?
where is this spa water sold?
what makes the spa water different?
what brand of cigarettes is on the table?
what is the text written on those boxes?
what pizza brand is this?
what is the brand of pizza being shown?
how much do the kids shirts cost?
what is the book suggesting we do?
what car company is this for?
what plot number is gm at?
where is the red box from?
what hotel is advertised on the letter?
what is the street address on the box?
what type of coffee is it?
what speaker company is on the boxes?
what is the name of the bose speaker style in these boxes?
what type of fruit is in the boxes?
what is written along the box?
what is on the gold bag on the shelf?
who are the muffins from?
brand name of this?
what is this product used for?
what is the brand name?
is this package fragile or not?
what is the qr code for?
what product works with iphone and android?
what is inside the box?
what is the seven-digit number above the brand name on the sticker?
what brand name is written on the box?
what brand name is on this box?
can you mobilize your personal communication?
how much do apartment moves cost?
what is the first word on the left side of the box say?
what kinds of tablets are these?
which shipping company was used to send the package?
is this box fragile or no?
what word is after king on the boxes?
what colour is the willow?
what name is mentioned on the envelope?
what kind of lens is this?
is this fragile?
what company is this box from?
what kind of case is this?
what does the sign at the back say?
what company made the products in these boxes?
who makes the boxes?
does the magazine on the top left of the photo say "unix"?
what is next to the apple symbol?
what two types of computers are mentioned below?
what should you do with the large box?
what should you do with the box?
how many extra products are included than normal in the box?
what is the company that makes this product?
what is the name of the guy?
what type of paper is this?
what brand of ipad?
what is the brand of this tablet?
what company did this box come from?
some in the item?
is this product only a developer preview?
what os is mentioned on the box?
what kind of slinky is it?
what kind of item is in the box?
what is the top number on all the boxes?
what version is this?
what numbers are on the top section?
what brand of camera is this?
what is instant?
what brand of cigars are in the box?
what brand is on the box?
what type of phone is tis for?
what type of iphone 5 is it?
what type of item is this?
what letter aligns with the spacebar that is one row above?
what does this box contain?
how many tablets are in the blue box?
how many mg is the medication in the blue box?
what brand of smartphone is this?
what are these made out of?
what is the word in black before ceramic?
which carrier are these boxes from?
what company is the box from?
what are you supposed to drop in this box?
what should be kept green & clean?
where is the box from?
what brand is all 3 boxes?
according to all three boxes, what is the main ingredient of these soaps?
what company is on the box?
what is the first letter shown on the box?
what is the last letter on the first row of the box cover?
what is the brand on the lid of the tin container?
what was in this tin before it was used for paints?
what is to be kept clean?
what is the slogan at the top of the box?
what brand phone is this?
what color is vibe written in?
what company made this box?
what is inside the box?
what brand is in the box?
how many mm is the lens?
what is in the box?
handle with what?
what greeting is shown in the box?
what does the black circle say?
what is the name in the bottom left corner"?
what company makes this device?
whats the device in the box?
what does this charger go to?
what does it say on the box that is second from the right?
what's the value shown?
what is this a coffin for?
what number is written on the box?
what brand is this box?
what occasion is this present for?
what is the street date for the harry potter book?
what book is on top of boxes?
where was this speech by bill clinton held?
what city is the fairmont in?
what material is written on the box?
what is the website?
who should be kept away from this product?
what is the name of this product?
what brand of cigarettes is this?
what is the use of this product?
what is the bold black word at the top?
what is the rubber band gun made out of?
what's the company name of the rubber band gun?
what are the three words on the white dividers?
what brand is this product?
what is the brand of this appliance?
what type of manual is attached to the box?
what is the website shown on the blue card?
what name is on the paper sticking out the back?
what company shipped this item?
what brand of cigarettes are these?
what year does the map represent?
which sea's box is shown on the bottom of the map?
how many milligrams are the valium2?
what kind of medication is labeled on the box to the left?
what does the cardboard box say?
what is being advertised here?
what's the brand name?
is this a syrup?
what is the volume of the container?
what kind of valve is in the blue box?
what is the brand name?
what is the name of this medication?
what is the company name in the bottom right corner of the box?
what's the slogan on the bottom of the card?
what is written on sharpie on the right side of the box?
what is the name of the laptop in the box?
what word is repeated on the wall?
what volume is this item?
how much do those cd's cost?
what is he selling?
what is the model of the nokia phone?
who took this photo?
what does this sticker say to not do?
what is written in red?
what is the name of the software maker?
what is the name of this game?
store which end up?
what is the name of this chair?
what does the text in the orange box say?
what is the name of this box?
what website is shown under the logo?
what type of packaging is the yellow item?
how many items are in the picture?
what brand is this box?
what type of phone is in this box?
where is the pixco converter made?
what does the text say underneath cobu?
what is the brand of this product?
what is inside the box?
what is the brand of battery?
what is the box telling us not to do?
what kind of parts are in the box?
how fast is the delivery time for this parcel?
what single number is the largest print on the box?
is this a markpen?
what cuban city is shown on the box's lid?
who lights my fire?
what does the writing say is in the box?
where did they get this box?
what is this suppose to cure?
what is the brand name?
what is the brand of the item in this box?
what gender is the person listed?
what is the second phone number?
what is the first phone number?
how many milligrams of potassium iodide?
was this sent to or from norway?
what gaming device is this?
what is the brand name?
what is the brand name of this computer?
what would go into the slot?
what company is on the box?
what is the telephone number of the company?
what does it say in the bottom right corner?
what is the date displayed?
what month is displayed?
what brand is written on the lid?
what number is on the box?
what is the first number in the sequence shown?
what kind of audio product is in the box?
what is the big word on the side of the box?
what is on the top of the yellow sticker?
what company made this lens?
how many millimeters does it say?
what kind of brand of oil is mentioned?
what does it say in the box?
what kind of cards are these?
what do the cards suggest you do after opening them?
what name is this on the box?
what is the name of the manufacture of these boxes?
what is the number beside the bucket?
what letters are on the bucket?
what is the name of the company?
what is written on the box?
what's the name of these fireworks?
how many fireworks are in the box?
where is this box from?
what is the size of the box?
what is a masterpiece at your fingertips?
what is the brand of this product?
what type of parts are inside of this?
what does the box hold?
who is the recipient of the parcel?
is priority  mail from the usps?
what box number is this?
is dealextreme just a shipping company?
cards against what?
what edition is this?
what company is shown on the box?
what is proven about this brand?
how many electronics are listed on the box?
what is the last word in the picture?
what are the two words on top of the yellow screen?
what are the two words on the bottom of the screen?
what day is it?
what letter is capital and displayed twice on the title?
what does the green bucket say?
what are they building?
who makes the tea in the red box?
who makes the tea in the yellow box>?
what is in the box?
what word is on th eleft top side of the box?
what does the heart say?
are the words on the box in the shape of a heart?
what does the little yellow paper say?
what is in this box?
white power cord?
what model of product is this?
what is the highest currency in the box on the left?
what brand of phone came in this case?
which version of the iphone is this?
this way is what?
what is in the box?
in what country was this phone made?
what does the box with red text say?
what are the big black letters on the second box?
what is the number in white?
is this a flu shot?
how many bandaids in the garfield box on the right?
what is the number shown on the boxes?
whats the first number on the box?
what does the yellow label say?
what is enclosed?
what room is it?
what color is the text?
what band is in the box?
whats in the box?
welcome to a new what?
what is the brand of this?
what is in the box?
what kind of cardboard is this?
what sort of work is printed on the box on the right?
what website is shown?
what is the name printed on the cardboard box?
what is the apple watch used for?
what brand is this?
what company makes this printer?
what does the green letter at the top left read?
how much does this cost?
who makes this product?
what color are the shoes?
what was in that box?
who is this percel for?
what country did this package likely come from?
what comes in pink boxes?
what color is the box?
what brand products are these?
what is the model number of the remote on the left?
what is the word that comes after the?
how many ml does the product contain?
where are the cigars from?
what is the brand?
what initials are on the box?
what game name is on the top left of the board?
whats the name of the products in the box?
what is the product?
whats the company of this product?
where is this food from?
what time is it?
what brand are these chocolate?
what video game system is this?
what game is included?
what brand is this paper?
how much does it cost?
what brand of technology is this?
is there a ce on this box?
in what country was this box manufactured?
what percent alcohol is this beverage?
what kind of attack does it say?
is this a car part?
how many books were in the box?
what 2 letters come before "where"?
what does the box say on it?
what is the name of this bakery?
what type of store is this from?
which company made this joystick?
what atari product is this?
what is the quantity of this product?
what is the brand?
what number is shown on the box label?
what does the sign say?
what numbers are shown on the blue blocks?
what does the yellow box say?
what kind of condoms are in the black box?
what time is displayed on the two boxes?
what does it say in black letters on the model?
what does the note on the can say?
what kind of mouse is this?
what two letters are in the bottom left corner?
who makes these?
what is the duration?
what brand are these?
what model is the phone on the right?
what kind of ipod is seen?
what brand is the desktop computer?
what brand is the camera?
what luxury car name is on this box?
how many are in each box?
what number is prominent in blue?
what 3 letters are visible?
do the boxes need to be kept frozen?
what jewerly company is this box from?
what is the brand?
whats that sign on the bar?
what company made this product?
what brand of camera was in the box?
what number is on the box?
go home to what?
what does the box in the middle say about bacon?
what sweet is inside of the box?
what company made the box?
what brand of fireworks is this product?
what letter does the word start with?
what company is named on the yellow napkins?
what is in the blue box?
what is the brand name of these boxes?
how many sugar babe are available in this image?
what ios is this watch?
what brand makes this watch?
what is the date on the purple container on the right?
how much does the purple container weigh?
what is the brand of notebook?
what model is the notebook?
what brand of soap is this?
what are the numbers on the front?
what is the name of the camera?
is this lens an af lens?
what is the brand in the blue box?
what brand are these boxes?
what kind of ipod is this?
what brand is this?
what flavor is this perfume?
what does the first line of the bottle say?
what brand is this product?
what type of product is this?
what company makes this?
what is the large letter in white on the blue background?
what kind of game system is this?
what is inside the box?
what company sent this package?
what is this product for?
what is the creator of this product?
what is the company name on the box?
what does the small black font say?
what is the label card's title?
what is written on the bottom right of the card?
are those wristbands for sale?
how much does a wristband cost?
what brand is in the box?
what is the phone number on the sticker?
who will steal your job?
what is the big bold word on the book?
what brand is written in green letters?
what is the minimum purchase for gift cards?
what brand is the packets?
what kind of tea brand is shown?
is the brand charitea?
what kind of bricks are featured?
what goal number is this?
what company made this box?
what name is on the note on top of the box?
where did this box come from?
what logo is below the company name?
who is this picture credited to?
what number is on he dumpster?
what does the middle box say?
what does the box say on the side?
what kind of tablet is this?
what brand is the tablet?
what name is on the front of the box?
what is this toy warning us on?
what is the name of the toy?
what sweet is inside of the box?
what is the brand name on the stacked boxes?
which company is this box for?
what do the logos on the side of the box say?
what band is in this box?
what does the white text on the black box say?
what is the name of this phone?
which company produced this phone?
what is the name of one of the brands on the box?
what is the name of this toy?
does the box mention to enjoy your experience?
what brands of gum is this?
what is wrote on the chewing gum in the middle box?
where are these packages from?
what are the labels on this box?
which prince does the gravestone refer to?
who makes the lasers?
what are the differences between the lasers?
what kind of box is this?
who sent this box?
whos pastries are in the white box?
what is inside the box?
what is inside the box?
this is made where?
what is the name of this paper?
what is the sign telling us to do?
what does it say at the top of the box?
is that a ps4?
does that box say ps4 on the right?
what is in boxes?
what brand is that?
who makes the speaker?
what kitty brand is this?
what kind of candy is this?
what brand is this device?
what are the letters after 6100/60?
what is one of the labels on the box?
what is the model of this phone in the box?
who made the phone?
what brand is on the box?
what kind of restaurant uses this box?
what numbers are mentioned on the right side?
what is the name of the restaurant?
time to eat?
what is the number on the back of the bus?
what does the red sign say?
what does the store with the red sign sell?
what is the stand behind the man selling?
what's the name of the shop?
which mill is that for?
what kind of chemical is used?
what street are the people standing on?
is that sign in the background for josselson bros.?
what number photo is this?
what type of dealership is this?
what number is printed three times on the white banner on the right?
what day number is mentioned?
what word is depicted before the number?
 what name is located on the building?
what building is that?
which station number is this?
what is the train company?
what city is this?
what is the name of the album?
what is written on the red sign of the second store?
what is the restaurant called?
what is the restaurant sign in red?
where is this float headed back to?
what time period is mentioned on the red banner?
what does the sign on the right side of the street advertise?
what store front is on the left?
what does elements specialize in?
what is the name of this store?
what year was this taken?
what is the name of the inn?
which room is on the bottom?
what store is listed on the sign?
what is the name of this buliding?
you leave today and enter the world of yesterday, tomorrow, and what?
what is the website displayed on this image?
who said that quote?
does the cub store serve food?
what is the name of the mart?
what play is being advertised in the yellow sign?
what broadway show is being advertised?
what does the banner on the store say?
what retail establishment is this?
what's posted on the white sign on the wall?
no text in this image?
what kind of cafe is this?
where is this postcard featuring?
what's the name of this restaurant?
is that a pharmacy next to mcdonald's?
seems like a farmers market to me,does it?
what is the market called?
what is not allowed on this side of the street?
what temperature is on the sign?
what company has a red circle?
what is the name of this gas station?
what beer does the shop sell?
what is the name of the shop in the picture?
what is the name of one of the hotels?
what letters are at the top right?
what brand train is this?
what brand is the film?
what is the serial number beside the film brand?
what kind of board is this?
how many years?
what is the website on the building?
what river is shown?
what restaurant tent is in the background?
what is on the sign in the background describing what the place is?
what is the name of the building and/or event?
what is the name of the place?
what the hell is pachamamma?
what kind of meat does this restaurant make?
what city is this?
what store is on the left?
what does the banner say?
what is the name of the drink stand?
what is one of the brand names?
what state is this in?
what is the memorial for?
what does the backwards word say?
is it morning or night?
what is the name of the rv park?
what restaurant is being advertised?
what is the name of the store?
what brand is advertised on the tree?
is this a steak house?
what kind of steak house?
sears auto center?
which company owns the building in the middle?
what does the green neon sign indicate?
how many letters are in the lite up sign?
what is the word on the left half of the sign?
what is the first letter of the word on the right side of the sign?
what high school is this?
what is the sign warning us of?
what letters are on the sign in blue with white background?
what year is on the right hand side wall?
what word is written in red?
what does it say on top of the symbol of two men riding horses?
what is the large white warning in the blue sign above?
what country is named on the red sign hanging in the center?
what is the name of one of the stores?
what box game is that?
what is the bottom word on the button?
what is this building?
what type of store is this?
which place is 2.0km away?
what place is 0.8 km away?
what company is in the top right corner?
what zone are they in?
what bank is shown here?
what is the number of this subway?
what does the sign on the balcony say?
what rental company is featured on the red banner on the left?
what time is shown on the clock?
what is the hospitals name?
what company s here?
what did the red sign telling us to not do?
what building is in the distance?
which bank is on the left?
this diner is how many miles from harrisburg, pa?
what route is the diner on?
what is the name on that building?
what kind of pajamas?
is this a shop?
what do the red letters say?
what is the street name?
what website is listed on the banner?
what platforms are mentioned on the banner on the left?
which platforms are listed in the top left corner?
how far from the beach is this hotel?
how much does it cost?
what cafe is this?
what is the name of the store?
what color is the store?
what's the name of the restaurant with the red paint?
what is the store name?
what kind of store is the one with the blue neon sign?
what is the name on the bus?
what is the name of the building?
whats the name of this building?
what does the left sign say?
if i wanted to reach the grand canal what number would i dial?
what's the phone number for on the blue sign?
who's jeweleries is it?
what is the phone number?
what does the blue sign say?
what is the last letter on the blue sign?
what kind of establishment is this?
what is the name of the club?
what is written above the blue mountain logo?
what is the year on the business sign?
what is written on the sign above the window on the right?
what country is the cathedral in?
what fruit company is on the brown box?
what's the name of this plaza?
is the first name "ross" on the entrance?
what do the black letters say?
what is the numerical address of this store?
what is that store with the neon lights called?
what is free?
what does it say on the red sign?
what is the name of this restaurant?
what is the kind of post?
is there a shopping center in the photo?
what does the statue say?
what color are the letters on the monument?
what makes the bridge slippery?
what is offered in this phone booth?
what year is on this stone entrance?
what are the letters and numbers on the boat?
what team is the post game show for?
what is the radio station's channel number?
what is the name of the bakery?
some shopping bulidings?
what number is the boat in the middle?
what is the building called in the middle?
what is the name of the monument?
what does the white plate say?
what theatre is talked about on the side of the building?
how often does the theater offer a change of play?
what does the box to the bottom right say?
where is this photo taken?
what time is the event taking place?
what movie is being advertised here?
phone is display?
what do they want you to do?
who do they want to welcome?
where are we being welcomed?
what is the name of the store to the left?
in which city is the church located?
what is the name of the church?
what is the food's greatest?
what supermarket is this ad for?
what are the words on the building?
st. ann's is in which city and state?
what is the name of the school?
what's the name on the sign?
where is the hotel located?
what is the title of this powerpoint?
what is the first letter of the title of the power point?
what television channel is being advertised on the sign?
do they have captivating stories?
what are the first 3 letters on the back of the black shirt?
what is the first letter on the back of the black shirt?
what kind of camera is written in orange?
what is in orange letters on the building to the right?
what store is this?
what brand name is displayed multiple times in this photo?
what is the name of this place?
what kind of air?
what is the name of the place on the first floor?
what is the name of the hotel?
what is the name of the business in the black building?
what is the on the middle building?
what newspaper is in the red machine?
what beverage is advertised on the corner of the building?
what is on the green sticker?
is this an entrance or an exit?
where do these gates lead?
who does the salon belong to?
who owns this salon?
what country is this according to the sign?
what is the name of the restaurant shown?
what soft drink company sign is beside the bicycles?
where would you go if you head left?
what is straight?
what is displayed on the sign on the building?
what is the name on the sign?
what name is carved in the rocks?
what is the name of the transit station?
is this house for sale?
what is the name of this street?
what letter is shown on the sign in front of the tree?
what is the current time shown?
what company storefront is shown here?
what is written on the neon sign above the yellow coffee cup?
where is the train heading?
what is the number of the train?
which company is the taller skyscraper featuring?
what brand of clothing is in the white bag?
what was the image painted with?
what is being advertised on the side of the building?
how many years are they celebrating?
what is the name at the bottom of the building?
what does the sign on the right say?
what word is in the pink box?
what number is displayed in the white box?
is that the pan pacific hotel?
what are the floor plans of?
is this for a new house?
what is the name of the body shop?
what is the phone number to the shop?
what does the black sign say in front of the pillar?
what is the clothing brand featured on the white sign on the right?
in which city is this place?
where does the escalator advertised on the archway lead?
what does this store sell?
where is this library?
wht kind of building is this?
what is the company featured on the screen?
is that large billboard for the company target?
what is the name of the first local to the left?
great foor at what kind of prices?
what number is on the top right sign?
what number is above all the lights?
what shines at the island shown on the advertisement?
who can get away, according to the poster on the right?
what is one of the brands listed on or near the scoreboard?
what kind of beer is on the bottom?
what is the name of this business?
what does the sign say in glowing red letters?
what year does the statue say?
where do the doors lead to?
what word on the far right in smaller writing?
what is inside the cinema?
what is the name of this cinema?
what 3 large red letters are on the left?
what are the letters in red located on the left?
what is the name of the school?
what are they seeing?
are they in line to see the movie thriller?
what does it say on the banner on the far left?
what does the sign say time waits for?
what is playing at the theater?
what is written on the top of the building?
is hsbc plastered on this building?
what does the grey brick say?
what can you buy on this street?
is the entrance visible?
what is written in yellow to the right?
what does the sign post say?
what name is on the back of the round sign?
where are you at?
what port is this?
which website featured this image?
what store is that?
is there a hotel shown in the photo?
what fast food restaurant can you eat at?
what does the sign say is fresh?
what is the camera company on display?
what brand is lit up on the left?
what name is on the ship?
what financial company is advertised on a building?
what sign is under the street light?
what bank is this?
4 big letters in the bottom left of this powerpoint?
what is the first person's name listed on the top?
what does the sign say on the building on the right?
what is the name on the tallest building?
what time is on the clocktower?
what does the property sign say?
who funded this project?
what does it say on the blue sign?
what is the name of the theater?
what is the last letter of the web address?
who can park on the right side?
what is to the left of the blue building?
what concept is the large hanging banner stating?
what train station is this?
is this the marshall house?
what hotel is shown on the picture?
what wards are shown here?
what is the description of the photo?
what's the name of this building?
is there a regus building?
what is the first letter on the vertical sign?
is this a picture of a church?
what state is this in?
what is the cross street?
what does the black sing say?
what's the building on the right say?
what island is labelled in the photo?
is this photo taken in michigan?
what is the name of this restaurant?
what is the name of this scene?
what date is this?
what street does this building intersect?
where is the house located?
what kind of business is this?
what is that a medical center for?
what is the name of the station on the sign?
what does the sign outside the complex state?
what is the first letter of the second word in white?
what street is this on?
how much is a winter check?
who is the author of this book?
what is the name of the fast food restaurant?
what is the name of the bus?
what is the tag of this bus?
what is the name of the bus?
what does the building to the left say?
where is this bus going?
what number is this bus?
what number is on the bus?
from what direction is the bus going?
what bus number is this?
where is the bus going?
what parking spot is the first train in?
what lane number is the first bus parked in?
what number is the train?
where is the bus going?
what is the number of the bus?
what single digit number is on the buses mirror?
what is the name of the bus company?
what is the bus number?
which street is shown on the sign?
what is written on the front of the streetcar?
is the text on the blue sign spell p l?
what route is this bus taking?
what is the name of the bus?
what is on the front license plate of this bus?
what is the brand of this bus?
what is the liscense number?
what is the number on the rear of the bus?
what number is on the bus?
what is the license plate number?
is this bus going to london?
what is the number on the bus?
what is the bus number?
what bus route number is this?
what museum name is on the front of the bus?
what does the license plate say?
what number is shown on top?
where is the bus headed?
where is this bus going?
what department is this vehicle for?
what language has been used on the bus?
what plant takes the shape of a letter on the side of the bus?
what bus number is this?
what city does the bus have written on it?
which route is this?
where is the bus going to?
what is the bus number?
what number is in the circle on the road?
what deli is shown?
what's the bus number?
what is the tag number of the bus?
what route does this bus take?
what does the license plate read?
what type of b us is this?
is this vehicle for school?
what is this trolleys number?
what number is circled on the side of the bus?
what is the name of the bus company?
how many minutes?
what's the bus number?
what is the sponsor of the bus?
what is the bus route number?
where is this bus going?
what is the seat number on the bottom right?
what is the seat number in front of the man on the left side?
what brand of under garment are the people wearing on the bus?
what color is the text on the bus?
what company is this?
what is the name of the bus company?
where is this bus headed?
bus tower hill?
what is the slogan of the bus company?
is this a stagecoach bus?
right the what?
what are the two words on the front of the bus?
what kind of app is advertised on the bus?
what circle line is this?
what does the number plate read?
what kind of vehicle is this?
what does the license plate say?
what is the school bus number?
where are the buses going?
what bus number is that?
where is this bus going?
what brand is on the green sign behind?
what school district does this bus service?
is the school bus from brewster central schools?
where is the bus headed?
what number is the bus, or what number is its stop?
what number is shown on the bus?
what does the sign say that is blue at the top an beside the bus?
what is the company name on the side of the bus?
what are the numbers on the bus's license plate?
what does the bus say on its text display?
what is the brand of the bus?
what does the license plate say?
what is the word in the middle of the front of this bus?
what type of bus is it?
where is the bus going?
what is the name of the bus?
what is the name of the company that owns this bus?
what is the license plate for this bus?
what is written on the front of the bus, above the license plate?
what is the name of the bus?
where is the middle bus going?
what town is pictured here?
what kind of circle does the bus advertise?
what brand of marmalade is advertised on the orange bus?
where is the bus going?
what is the route number?
what is on the advertisement on the bus?
what number is on the side of the bus?
where is the bus route going?
which route number is this?
what number is on the school bus?
hat kind of bus?
what is the bus number?
what is the name displayed on the gas station sign?
what should you do if you would like a faster trip?
in what city is this bus?
where does this bus go?
how many hours does this bus run?
what time is on the clock?
what is the bus route number?
what kind of bus is this?
what is the number of the bus?
where is this?
who makes this bus?
what are the first two numbers of the bus license plate?
what is the bus number?
what road is the bus headed to?
what is the bus number?
what type of public facility is this bus driving away from?
wher is this bus headed?
what is the word above the door on this bus?
where is the bus going?
what does the bus say is live?
what city is mentioned on the front of the bus?
what is on the license plate?
what's the big number on the front of this bus at the top?
what street is this bus going to?
what number is this bus?
where is the bus headed?
what bus number is this double decker?
what number bus is this?
what two letters are written on the green bus, in white?
what is the license plate of the bus?
what is the license plate number of the bus?
what city is listed on the bus?
what movie is advertised here?
what number is this bus?
what college is advertised?
what is the name of the bus company?
what is the buses' license plate number?
what company probably made this bus?
what does the tag on the front of the bus say?
what kind of bus is it?
what is the license plate for this bus?
what station is this?
where is this bus's destination?
what does the red sign tell you to do when it is open?
what bus number is this?
what's the purple sign in the window say?
what is the buses number?
wai2 adv are the number of buses?
what is the name of the bus?
what is the model of this bus?
what number bus line is this?
is this a passenger bus?
what city is the bus from?
what is the name on the building?
what is this buses number?
what is the number of the bus?
what does the front of this bus say?
what is the name on the side of the bus?
what number bus is this?
what color is the number 87 on the bus?
what is the license plate number of the green bus?
what's the 4 digit number on the back?
what kind of vehicle is this?
what is the most lower right number on the board?
what is the top left number?
what is the motto for this product?
which keyboard key is this motto referring to?
who did the research?
what type of laptop is this?
what is the top button on the top right of the keyboard?
what number is listed on the paper?
what is the name of the document on the table?
what does the key on the top left do?
what is the key in the middle left?
what subject is this person studying?
what is the brand name?
what button is beside the log button?
what company made this phone?
what time is it according to this phone?
what button is red?
what number is to the right of the red button?
what is the word above the tax button?
how much is on the table?
what is displayed on the calculator screen?
what is the furthest left key?
what brand is the colorful box?
is there a concept 1 calculator at the bottom?
was this made by texas instruments?
what is the calculator number above texas instruments?
what brand is the machine?
what do you do with the large key?
what does the white letters in the red box say?
this is tv?
what is read on the red button?
what brand of calculator is this?
what word is in orange on the top left of the paper?
what number is above the "5" key?
which calculater it is?
what number is directly to the right of the 0?
what is the number on the top left?
what brand of calculator is this?
what is this calculators model name?
what's the first 7 digits of the number on the calculator?
what are the last four numbers displayed?
what is this device called?
who makes the calculator?
are these 10 euro bills?
what does one of the buttons on this calculator say?
what is the top right button for?
who manufactured this calculator?
what is the model name of this calculator?
what brand calculator is this?
what type of casio calculator is this?
what company made this calculator?
what 2 letters are shown on the red button?
what is the top right number?
what is the calculator brand?
what model number is this calculator?
what number button is between 1 and  7 on on the calculator?
is the calculator functional?
what kind of button is at the top right of the calculator?
what does the orange button say?
what is the calculator brand?
what is the calculator solving?
what bank is this calculator from?
what key is to the left of the spacebar?
what are the last four numbers on the calculator display?
what has been spelled out on the display?
what is one number button on the calculator?
what state is mentioned at the top of the calculator?
is this a ti-31x? or 30x?
what brand of calculator is this?
is there a c button?
what state is in the brand of this?
what do the red buttons do?
what brand of phone?
what is on the calculator display?
what are the numbers across the larger calculator's screen?
what brand are these calculators?
what is the number of the calculator?
what brand is the calculator?
what currency is the money?
is the currency all 10 euro?
what calculator brand?
is fraction a quality maker of calculator's?
what is the third tab on the top of the screen?
is that a sharp electric machine?
what does the last line of the calculator read?
what does the middle button say?
what country does the currency belong to?
how much is the dollar bills worth?
what is the name of the fallout?
how much is the top dollar bill worth?
what year is on the quarter?
what american state is written on the coin?
when is the facility completed and occupied?
how much is this coin worth?
what country made the coin?
what number is below the coin?
how much is this coin worth?
what kind of coin is this?
what is the number at the bottom?
what is your heart?
what chain is that?
how much does this coin weigh?
are the letters engraved english?
where is this coin produced?
what is the weight of this coin?
what does this reminds you?
what year is on the coin?
what does the sign say?
what is the first number on the coin?
what year is on the coin?
how much is this coin?
what country is the coin from?
what is the year on the coin?
what letter is to the right side of the symbol?
is x1974 a type of code?
what anniversary is shown?
what is the year shown at the bottom?
what is the date on the coin?
what year is on this coin?
what is on the top of the coin?
does the coin have men's hockey engraved on it?
what letter is on the coin?
what type of party is mentioned on the coin in the back?
what is the numerical value on the coin?
what year is on the coin?
this is daller kain?
what country is this post from?
in which year is this coin minted?
whose name is on the coin?
how much is this coin worth?
what is the number on the coiun?
what kind of hoard is this?
is this a coin for caeser?
what is the value of this coin?
when was the coin first minted?
what are the dates at the bottom of the coin?
what year is this penny?
in who do we trust?
what year is this coin minted?
what county was this coin minted in?
what year is this coin from?
what state is this coin from?
how much is this coin worth?
what year was this made?
how many pounds is this?
what year is printed on the krone coin?
what numbers are on the coin on top?
how many cents does each coin cost?
whose seal are these?
where is the lords proprietors located?
what is the first coin number?
what is the second coin number?
what year anniversary is it?
what year is shown?
what does the title say?
which queen is on these coins?
how much is this coin worth?
how much is this coin worth?
what currency is the coin?
how much cent is the euro in the top left?
what system is celebrating their century of conservation?
what is the name listed on this coin?
which year was this?
what does ability does wisdom give?
who grant me serenity?
what university is this speech taking place?
is this at a university?
what year is the coin from?
what is the word shown before the year?
is this a bitcoin?
what year is this?
what is the year stamp of the coin?
what name is wrote by the year?
what does the coin say?
in what country is this currency made?
is thia a dollar coin?
what is written on this coin?
what year is imprinted on this coin?
what year was the coin made?
what letters are under the crown?
how much is a 20 minute call?
what is the name of the machine?
where is this currency from?
what year is the coin?
how much money is that?
what is the 4 letter word on the coin?
how much is this coin worth?
what are the four letters on the right coin?
how much are one of these coins worth?
this collection of dollars?
what restaurant is that?
what is the address on the receipt?
what country does the coin mention?
how many cents is the coin worth?
what number is on the side of the coin?
what are the numbers on the top of the coin?
what country are these coins from?
are these coins canadian?
how much is this coin worth?
what country does this coin come from?
what  country is this coin from?
what nationality is this currency?
when was this coin made?
this is kains?
what year ad is this coin?
what year bc is shown on the coin?
what are the top three numbers?
what word is on the top of the coin on the left?
when was this coin made?
what year is written on the silver coin at the bottom?
what is written on the right side gold coin?
what year were these coins made in?
they are three coins?
what year is the coin on the bottom left?
is that an old coin?
what year is this coin?
what year is this coin?
what city is mentioned on the coin?
what year is on this coin?
what kind of token is this?
what kind of time are these tokens for?
what country is this currency from?
what large name is written on the near coin?
what is written on the dime?
what words can you see on the darkest coin to the front?
what year was the coin made?
how much is the coin worth?
what year is on the left coin?
what year is on the coin in the middle?
where did this coin originate?
what year was this coin minted?
what year is the penny from?
what does the penny say we should trust?
what is the date on the coin?
is the word "non" somewhere on this coin?
what word is written above the head on the silver coin?
what year is on this coin?
what country is the issuer?
how much could that be in total?
what year is hand written on the dollar bill?
how many pence is the largest coin?
how many bottle can you buy?
what is written on the coin?
what number is on the cooper coin on the left?
what is the year at the bottom?
what country is this coin from?
what country is this from?
what is the date on the coin on the right?
what is the date on the coin to the left?
what country is the coin in the middle from?
what is the type of coin?
what year are the coins?
what is the word on the coins?
what city is this cotton seed oil company from?
what kind of oil does cotton oil co manufacture?
what's the name of the pizza place?
what should you come for?
where was this made?
are these types of coins currently in monetary circulation?
did loophole make this picture?
who is the lady on this coin?
what word is on the upper right side of the center coin?
when was this coin issued?
what kind of survey is shown?
what letter is most prominent on the coins?
what number is on the bill?
what is the value of the copper coin?
lot of many coins?
what is the name of this type of currency?
what does it say on the top half of the coin?
is there a 20 cent piece in this image of coins?
what country is this coin from?
how much is the coins worth?
how much does the sprott coin weigh in ounces?
what is the name on the coin?
whats the currency of the coins?
what country does these coins come from?
what number is on the white cube?
what number is on the gold coin?
which country own these coins?
what number can be seen on the face of this coin?
what is printed on the top of the coin?
what year was this plague put in?
how much money is there?
what is stamped over all of the fake coins?
what country is on the coin on the bottom?
what year is displayed on the coin?
what country is this coin from?
what is the date on the coin?
what year was this coin minted?
what bird is on the silver coin?
what is written on the silver coin?
how much is the top silver coin worth?
which night is it?
how much space will the thumb drive hold?
what is the brand of the thumb drive?
is this a quarter?
how much is the coin worth?
what are the two dates on this coin?
what word is across the bottom?
what year was this coin minted?
what country is this coin from?
which city state issued these coins?
what year is this coin?
what number ison the coin?
what does the coin say above the lion?
what country is this?
is this one cent?
what type of coins are these?
how much is each coin worth?
what queen is on the coin?
which queen is that?
what is the no. on the top right?
minicactpot it s a game?
how much is the bill here worth?
how much is the coin in the center worth?
what state is this coin from?
what year was that coin made?
2012 is the year of what?
what year is on the coin?
is this written in upper or lower case?
how high is mount everest?
what city is mentioned in the text?
does the word engineering appear in the image?
what country is the currency from?
what note is that?
in what year was this dime produced?
was this dime minted in the year 2000?
how many euro cents is the coin worth?
how many cents is this coin worth?
what year was this coin made?
what us state is mentioned in the upper right hand corner?
what word is written with an exclamation point at the top?
what year is this coin from?
what country is the coin from?
what does the red coin say?
where is this coin from?
what number is on the coin?
how many cents is the copper colored coin worth?
what country is mentioned on the coins?
what is the value of one of these coins?
what year is the 5 cent piece?
what year is the bottom coin on the right made in?
what year is on the coin in the top left?
what year was this coin made?
what year was this coin made?
what year is the silver colored coin?
what year is imprinted on this coin?
what year is the coin from?
what is the value of the coin?
what university is listed?
which organization issue this coin?
what does wwpa stand for?
this is the seal of what country?
what country is the coin from?
what year are these coins?
where are these coins from?
what kind of currency is shown?
how much is each coin worth?
what is the year on the coin?
how many individual numbers are on the coin?
what year is on the coin?
who is the coin named after?
what text is on the top of this coin?
where is the right coin from?
what year is this quarter?
what word is at the top of the coin?
does the writing imply this is an image of caesar on this coin?
which is this coin minted?
what year was this coin made in?
what is the value of the coin?
which country does it originate from?
what year is on the coin?
what year was the coin produced?
what country was this coin made in?
what currency are these coins?
how many pesos is each coin worth?
who is the sponsor of this team?
what brand is this cryptocurrency?
which queen is on the coin?
is this australian coin worth five dollars?
how old are these coins?
are these coins english and scottish?
how much is the coin in the middle worth?
what is this coin?
what cent is the coin?
how much is this coin worth?
what currency does this coin belong to?
what year is commemorated on the london eye coin?
what is the bottom year of this coin?
what state is represented by this coin?
what year is featured on this display?
what name does it say under the coins?
what does the coin say at the top?
what letters are in the center of the coin?
what year was this coin made in?
some histiorical coin?
what years are listed on the coin?
what type of summons is this?
this is what kind of official letter?
what is the woman's name?
what number is on the coin on the right?
what is the title of this book?
who wrote this book?
what city was this company founded in?
what is the pig reading?
what country is this coin from?
what is the coin worth?
what number is on the coin?
where is this coin from?
what country is mentioned on this half dollar?
where is this coin from?
is that a coin?
what year was the coin made?
what year was this coin made?
what date is the coin?
what does it say on the top portion of the coin?
how much is the all night check?
is this a picture of money?
what is the serial number written on the bill?
what year is the coin from?
what does the coin say at the top?
what years are on the coins?
what country are these coins from?
how much is the middle coin worth?
what country is this currency from?
what is picture?
what number is the coin next to?
what year is on the coin?
what year was the coin minted?
what is this worth?
what city is printed in the bottom right?
what year was this coin printed?
how many eruo's is this coin worth?
how many change are there in silver coins?
what is this chip for?
what is the coin?
what types of insurance does the institute cover?
what does the text read above the head on the coin?
what year is this coin minted?
whats the number on the coin?
what year is this coin from?
what is the phrase on this coin?
what number is on the bronze coin?
what is the value of the silver coin on bottom?
what are the 4 letters on this coin?
what year is this penny?
what is written in the middle of lincoln's back on this penny?
how much is the paper money worth?
what country is the big coin from?
what is the value of this coin?
is this an investment company?
how much is the gold coin?
how much is each individual coin worth?
in whom we trust?
what date is stamped on the coin?
what type of coin is this?
what is the first word on the coin?
what year was this penny made?
what is the slogan on the top of the penny?
where is the bridge located?
how many axle?
where was this coin made?
what phrase is written in latin?
what year was this coin made?
in whom should we trust?
who is shown on this coin?
what state does the coin refer to?
what city does the coin refer to?
what sate is on this paper?
what is the first word on the upper left?
what kind of medal is this?
what year is featured here?
what number is on the coin on right?
how many pence is this?
how much money is this?
what kind of coin is this?
what is written on the coin?
what year is on the coin?
which currency is this?
what is the value of this coin?
when is this coin minted?
what country is mentioned?
what words are on the scroll on the center of the coin?
is chicago mentioned?
what united country is written on the coin?
what type of coin is that?
how much is this coin?
what country is this coin from?
how much is the coin worth?
where is this coin from?
what country is this coin from?
what is the company name in the logo on the bottom left?
what is the letter under the 1?
what year is this dime?
what is the phrase on the coin?
what year is this coin?
when was this coin minted?
what country is the coin from?
what is the type of coin?
is this about walking far distances?
what is the 2nd word in the top left hand area of the photo?
how many euros is this coin worth?
is the number 2 on the left of the word euro?
what queen is on the top coin?
how much is that coin worth?
how many pounds is this?
what year was the coin pressed?
what year was the coin produced?
the denomination of the coin is?
how many cent's is this worth?
what year was this coin made?
what dates are shown on the piece in the center?
what capital city is written there?
what company does this belobg to?
what type of mark is on the coin?
how much is this coin worth?
what queen is shown on the gold coin?
who is the plaque in honor of?
julia ward howe?
in whom do we trust?
what year is the penny?
how much is this coin worth?
what is the value?
what coin is this?
what is the phone number of the restaurant?
what is the postal code for zurich?
what year is on the coin?
what is the stamped numeral on the coin?
what is written across the bottom of the coin?
what number is seen on one of the coins?
what year is the kansas quarter?
what state is the coin with the buffalo from?
where is this podium from?
what name is on the bottom of the round seal?
what country is this coin from?
what is the year on the coin?
what is resisting?
what type of patent?
what is the text under the chin of the man on the coin?
what is the year on this coin?
what is the first letter after the year?
what is the value of the coin?
what number is written across the bottom?
what is this coin from?
what number can be seen on the coin?
how many pounds?
which country do these coins come from?
what word appears on the coin?
does sparkfun make microchips?
what year is written on this coin?
what contry are these coins from?
how much is each coin worth?
how old is this coin?
which country do these coins belong to?
what year are these coins from?
what year is the upper-left coin?
what year is this coin from?
what is the letter after the date?
what is the name of the company on the card?
what number is on this coin?
what kind of coin is this?
what letter is in the middle of the coin?
what number is on the coin?
what is the letter at the bottom of the coin?
what year is listed on the nickel?
what is the slogan on the top of the coin in the middle?
what year is this coin from?
how much is the coin worth?
what year is on the coin?
how much does this toilet seat cost?
is pay day the name brand of this toilet seat?
what year is the coin in the middle minted?
what word is on the penny?
what country is the penny?
how many pounds is the coin?
what year is printed on the coin?
what number is the coin?
what brand is listed on the bottom of the package?
are these coins?
"in god we" what?
what is the name of the animal on the card?
what year is the biggest coin?
is this the chorla music of kodaly?
is it music award?
what is the year on this old coin?
what is the word in the middle of the coin?
is this current mexican currency?
how many pence is each coin?
how many pence are all these coins combined?
what movie are these representing?
what year is the top silver coin?
how much money are those worth?
is this a philippine currency?
what text is displayed in the coin?
what is the first letter seen on the right coin, at the top?
what letter in on the bottom right?
what year was the largest coin made?
whose name is written on the coin that says 2012?
what is the number of the coin on the top left?
what is the number of the coin on the top right?
what year was the coin on the right made?
what does it say on the base of the pyramid?
what year is the middle nickel?
what year is on the upside down quarter?
is the language on the coin english?
the coin is from what country?
what year was this coin minted?
how much is the largest bill's denomination?
what is the smallest bill?
how many cents is this?
this american dollar?
what does the coin say?
what is the number on the copper coin to the left?
what year was the coin minted?
what is this coin worth?
what year is on this vietnam coin?
what country is this coin from?
what type of coins are these?
what is the middle word along the top?
how much is the coin worth?
what number is on the coin?
what word is to the right of lincoln?
what year is the penny?
what year was the coin minted?
what is written at the top of the coin?
in what year is the coin on the right minted?
what monetary value is the right coin?
which king is on the coin?
which number of king george is this?
what year was this coin made?
what does the big word say on the screen?
what is the word under the one in big font?
what is written on the white button?
what is the sign used for?
what is in progress?
what kind of slot is on the side of the laptop?
what brand is this laptop?
what is on the poster to the right?
what is the brand of the laptop in the middle?
what is the website on this photo?
what brand of laptop is this?
what clothing brand is written in the red box?
what does the black label can say?
which brand is featured most on the cans?
what numbers are shown?
what is the key right above the caps lock button?
is this the keyboard of a laptop?
what company logo is printed on the keyboard?
what is the model line of these computers?
what is the name of the site?
what kind of processor does this computer use?
what brand is this laptop?
what city is on the bag?
what brand is the laptop/?
what's the bottom 3 keys in the middle?
the bottom keys are c, v and b?
what brand is the laptop?
what does the top right key say?
what key is above and to the left of the"q" key?
what is the middle bottom letter?
what is they key to the right of s?
what kind of keyboard is this?
what is written at the top?
in what country is this keyboard made?
what is the name of the spectrum?
what is the letter to the left of the key with a period?
what type of laptop is this?
what is the first number on the keyboard?
what is written on the screen?
what does the button directly below "fn" say?
which key is at the bottom left of the keyboard?
what are the letters of the bottom row?
what is to the left of the apple key?
what is the name of the word with a multiple of colors?
what operating system does the sticker say it uses?
what month is written on this card?
what does the blue text say on the bottom left?
what brand is the keyboard of?
what brand is the keyboard?
what type of interface device is shown?
what are the letters on the bottle row?
is league of legends played on that miniscule screen?
what language is the keys in?
what brand of computer?
what brand is this name tag sticker?
what is the model number of this name tag?
what are the top row of keys?
what is the last number on the right?
which key is located above f9?
what is the top right key?
what brand of laptop is in the photo?
what key is closest to the green computer piece on the bottom row?
what key is next to the space bar?
alt keyboard key?
what is the letter in white on the box in the red square?
what key is to the left of space bar?
what number is most to the left in this photo?
what key is to the left of the letter b?
what brand are these keyboards?
what is the name of the code on the sign?
what computer brand is that?
what brand of computer?
what kind of lock key is on the keyboard?
what is the key to the right of the space bar?
what is the brand of the white leyboard?
what key is to the right of the f5 key?
what is the model name of this laptop?
what is the first letter shown in the second row?
what computer is this?
what is the label for channel 17?
what number is under the label saying 2?
what is te model of this laptop?
what is one key that is on the laptop keyboard?
what is the key next to the a?
what key is to the right of q?
what key is above the"g" key?
what key it to the right of the e key?
which key is the first key we can see in the top row on the left?
what is the letter below y?
which button should i press if i want to exit?
what numbers are shown on the keyboard?
is there an enter key on this keyboard?
what text is on the really big key on the left?
what is the letter shown on the cord?
is that the enter button?
what company manufactured this keyboard?
what is the brand of speakers?
is there a caps lock key on the keyboard?
what key is to the right of the equal sign on the keyboard?
what is the name of the key below the caps lock key?
what language is on the screen?
what are the 3 buttons just above the spacebar?
what letter is the largest?
what does the first visible key in the top row say?
what letter is next to the w key?
is there an enter key on this keyboard?
which key is removed form the keyboard?
what does the v stand for?
what does the e stand for?
what is on the key in the right center?
what key also has an @ sign on it?
does this have a command key?
what type of laptop is this?
what brand of computer is this?
what key is below o and p?
what key is below access?
who made those stickers?
what brand is that computer?
what letter is to the right of "c" ?
what symbol is also on the number 4?
what is the first letter in the top row?
what does the top of that paper say?
what is the brand of the computer?
what type of processor is this?
does this have hdmi?
what key can be seen to the left of the windows key?
what number is written on the "j" key?
what brand of laptop is this?
what type of disc is on the case with a red label?
what type of mints are these?
is this a realforce keyboard?
what is the brand of this keyboard?
what brand is this keyboard?
is logitech the word on top of this keyboard?
what is this computer powered by?
what brand is listed on the white card?
is the man on the right from the air force or the army?
what is written on the woman's front side of jacket?
what brand is this computer?
what brand is the laptop?
what model number is the keyboard?
what is the brand of this computer?
how many g keys are there?
what program is up on the screen?
what opperating system is on this  laptop?
what brand of laptop is this?
what key is above the "l" key?
what key can be seen to the very top right?
is this for mac?
what is the case?
what is the brand name in the lower left corner?
what number is below the j key?
what number seems to shine the brightest?
what are the dark gray keys along the top of the left side of the keyboard?
is this a usb keyboard?
what brand of laptop is this?
what kind of updates?
what brand of laptop?
what brand of laptop is shown?
who made the keyboard?
what is written on the button with 2 arrows?
does that head strap say oculus on it?
what type of a device is this?
what brand is this?
what letter is on the key?
what key is closest and largest from this perspective?
what type is the lock key?
is this a standard keyboard?
what is next to the ?/ key?
what is the lowest key shown?
what is the highest key shown?
which key do you press to delete?
what key is to the left of oops?
what web browser does the computer use?
what brand is this internet service provider?
what key had the blue speaker on it?
where is the f12 key?
what brand of laptop is this?
what color is the brand name?
what brand of keyboard is that?
which country's flag is on the keyboard?
who makes this laptop?
what number is shown on the screen?
which number key is below 4?
what key is to the left of the "c" key?
is that a keyboard?
what brand of keyboard?
how much are the keyboards?
what brand of keyboard?
what is the wide narrow key to the right of the index finger?
what time is on the computer?
what letter is to the left of y?
what brand of laptop?
what is on the bottom right on the laptop?
what key is next to the spacebar?
what letter key is to the left of the m?
what is the brand of this device?
is this a personal computer?
how many millimeters is the left side?
what is the height of this box?
what is the longest black button on the right side?
is this a qwerty keyboard?
what is the name of the magazine in the middle?
what magazine is on the right?
which key is to the left of n?
is the letter c visible?
what letter is in between the blocks?
what letter is to the left of the green block?
what is one of the keys on the keyboard?
what is the text on the second to left key?
what is the big button?
what is the key above the enter key?
what type of keyboard layout is this?
what is one of the letters on the bottom row of the keyboard?
can you read any keys on the keyboard?
what website is she on?
what program will help you take dreams further?
what is the first word on this webpage?
what is the greeting on the screen?
what button is to the left of her middle finger nail?
what key is in the top left corner of the laptop?
what are the ingredients?
what photo sharing site is this card from?
what is the top left key?
what credit card is blue?
what company issued the grey card?
what is the name of the keyboard?
what model is the keyboard brand?
what brand is the black keyboard?
what does it say at the top of the poster on the right?
who manufactured this laptop?
who made this laptop?
does this keyboard have an a key?
what is the button on the keyboard?
what does the button say?
what game is on the laptop?
what is the function of the key on the top left?
what key is on the bottom left?
what are the letters on this button?
what is the make of keyboard?
what key is  the bottom right key?
what are we moving to?
what number is next to his finger?
what brand of laptop is this?
what does the right key say?
what is displayed?
what key can you see on the top left of the keyboard?
what letter is to the left of l?
what is the closest letter to the left?
what version of the smithsonian is being displayed?
what is written on the key on the left with the arrow pointing up?
what key is his finger on?
what key is his thumb on?
what brand of laptop is this on the right?
what does the macbook say welcome too on the right?
what model is the device in the background?
is that a blue liquid gel ink pen?
what key also has a speaker symbol on it?
what is the brand of these keyboards?
what model number are these keyboards?
what are the letter keys here?
what key is on the very bottom left?
what key is to the right of the spacebar?
who made the keyboard?
this is keyboard?
what is the name of this application on the screen?
what word is on the green button on the bottom left corner of the screen?
what are their savings on?
what model atari is shown in the ad?
is this an hp computer?
what brand is the computer?
what is written on the key in the middle of the picture?
what is written on the front left key?
what key is seen in the top right?
what is the title of the video game?
what is the booklet about laying flat next to the video game?
what is the big key that is shaped like a backwards l do?
what does the button at the bottom left say?
what brand of laptop is this?
what letter is next to j on the keyboard?
what else is written on the alt button?
what does command-q equal?
what key is above the "d" key?
what credit card is seen in the middle?
what bank is the top card from?
what does the screen say?
what kind of processor?
what key is between v and n?
what greeting is the device featuring?
what is the laptop brand?
what key is being pulled off?
what brand cpu is in this laptop?
what color is this labtop?
are the keys in qwerty format?
who made this keyboard?
what's the title of the card?
what does the last sentense say?
what model number is this personal computer?
what brand is this electronic device?
which key is located to the left of v?
what is the key after c?
what is written on the screen on the poster?
what brand is it?
how much is this ticket?
what is the time printed?
what keys are pink?
what key is next to the q?
what is written in the red button?
what is the letter beneath y?
what key is below m?
what is the brand of the modem?
what brand of laptop is this?
what number is in the circle on the blue and white card on the left?
what brand of laptop is this?
what is the web camera called on the laptop?
which version of windows is installed?
what brand of chip is in the computer?
who makes the keyboard?
what is the name of the keyboard?
was access denied or granted?
was access denied?
what brand of computer is on the table?
what button is to the right of the control button?
what letter does the picture on the computer screen resemble?
what is printed in the blue banner above the robot?
what is printed on the white sheet of paper on the top left?
what company is the website for on the grey laptop?
what key is shown?
what letter is at the top left?
what website is this person viewing?
what brand is the laptop?
what is the word on that computer?
what brand for operating system is being installed?
what is the model of the laptop?
which key is below the enter key?
what are the 4 numbers shown on the keyboard?
what is the last number shown on the keyboard?
what is the letter beneath the number one?
what letter key is above b in this image?
what number keys are shown?
what does change happen represent in the image?
what does this machine emit?
what is the key button missing??
what's the web address on the book?
what does the n button say below it?
is this a keyboard?
what word is written inside a circle in white with a blue background on the right hand side?
what is this the first letter on the keyboard?
what key is on the very bottom left?
what f-keys are shown?
what key is below the "a" key?
what is written on the mouse?
what word is written in bold black letters on the screen?
what is written on the spacebar of the keyboard?
whats the letter on left of the m?
what chips are those?
what brand is the keyboard?
i rocks keyboard?
what's the name at the top left corner?
what does it tell you to click?
which letter is displayed on the key above a?
what is the button on the bottom right?
what key is to the left of the figure?
what kind of laptop is shown?
which key is above the sd hc logo?
what is the name of the laptop?
what is the middle number?
what is the brand of this product?
what is the number and letter combination on the bottom left hand corner of the box?
when is this card from?
what is the title at the top of the screen?
how many minutes?
what company branded the laptop?
is wi-fi listed on the specification sheet on the computer label?
which version of the iphone is seen on the box?
what company is on the left side of the box?
what brand of computer?
is there an enter key shown?
what is the key in the top right corner?
what key is the wire laying on?
is there a question mark shown?
what is the top right button supposed to do?
what key is just below "find"?
what model of laptop is this?
what can the keyboard connect to?
what "f key" number is on the "close" button?
what brand of keyboard is this?
what is the brand on the pamphlet?
what laptop is this?
what model laptop?
what is the brand shown?
what brand of electronics is shown at the top right?
what month is in this picture?
what is the time stated on the computer?
what can i do with the first key on this keyboard?
what does the top left key say?
what is on one of these keyboard keys?
what button is the figures right foot touching?
what is one of the keys on the keyboard?
what is between the g, h, and b keys?
what is the last key in the bottom right?
what letter is on the black key on the very bottom right of the keyboard?
what browser is the laptop using?
what search engine is this person viewing?
what key is on the bottom left?
what is the key to the right of shift?
what is one of the keys called on this keyboard?
what type of key is on the top left of the first row?
what model is the computer on the top left?
what is the brand of the device in the middle?
what is the brand of the device on top of the cd stack?
what letter is displayed on the board under the red bag?
what letter is on the 2nd screen?
what word is to the left of docs on the screen?
does this have an enter key?
what is one of the letters this keyboard has?
what is the telephone number on the bottom?
what is the letter to the right of s?
what is the left most letter?
what letters are on the key on the top left?
is this a qwerty keyboard?
what kind of laptop is this?
what kind of processor is inside according to the sticker?
what's the first word in quotes?
does the article say that people aren't using the medium extensively?
how many megabits is mentioned?
what is written on the screen?
what word can be seen under the f key?
what is the key to the right of t?
what is the key on the right of o?
what company is on the keyboard?
what brand of mac?
what number is on the digital screen?
what grade did this person receive?
what is the key on the bottom left of the keyboard?
what key is on the top right hand corner of this keyboard?
what brand of laptop is this?
what is the first word on the message on the bottom right corner of the screen say?
what is the brand of the device?
what key is shown on the bottom right?
what key is above the "ctrl" key?
what brand is the laptop?
what number series is this chromebook?
what model is this laptop?
what kind of circuit board?
are the letters on the keyboard right side up?
what computer is this?
what is the word on the upper left of this typewriter?
what symbol is on the same key as the >?
who makes this computer?
who makes this laptop?
what brand of laptop is this?
what type of keyboard is this?
what is the model of this hp laptop?
what is the brand of this laptop?
is the word shake on the sticker on the bottle?
what letter is to the right of k?
what letter is to the left of n?
what letter is to the right of z?
what color are these keys?
what brand is this computer?
what company put out this add?
what year is the software?
what brand is the laptop>?
whats the box holding?
what kind of drive is this?
what is to the left of the space bar?
what button is left of the spacebar?
who is the red envelope addressed to?
what is his job title?
what type of laptop is this?
what kind of "pc" shows on laptop?
what f key also functions as the play/pause key?
what brand is this laptop?
is this a nb100?
how many  blogs are there total?
what number is this blog?
what is the name of the organization?
what does the sticker say?
what other character is found on the key that has a 9 on it?
what key is on the bottom right corner?
what year was this server?
what brand is the windows web server?
whos is this picture honoring?
who is the name of the ceo the picture is referring to?
what three letters are on the key above the window key?
questions and what?
answers and what?
who is patrick writing to?
who wrote the note to chuck?
who makes this laptop?
what brand laptop is this?
what news organization is on the bottom of the notes?
what brand of laptop is this?
what key is on the very top right?
what kind of device is this?
is this an apple product?
what brand of computing device is shown?
is there an "enter" key on the keyboard?
what does the key with the up facing arrow called?
what is the function of the key in the top right corner?
what number is on the blue square on the right side of the laptop?
what is the key just right of the spacebar?
what is the brand of lighter?
what brand is the black product?
what brand is thelaptop?
what does the key say that has a green light on it?
is there a q key visible on the keyboard?
what is the pamphlet for?
what century is mentioned?
what country is mentioned in the title of the book?
what is in the bottle?
what is original about this bottle?
what brand is that laptop?
what computer brand is shown?
what is the first key on the bottom left?
what should you make more time for?
what should you make more of to be creative?
what is the name of the federal union?
what is the name of this credit union?
which one would you go for eureka or apple?
what does the company adam make?
what kind of dance recital?
what cop is displayed on the monitor?
is this a video game of robocop?
what company is mentioned on this website?
what software suite is shown on the bottom right of the screen?
what is the laptop brand?
is that a samsung monitor?
what brand of monitor is this?
what is the brand of this monitor / computer?
what type of sale is the ad on the right?
which processor brand is featured on the top left?
are they at the archives?
what is the phone number on the archives box?
what does the blue part of the pie chart represent?
what insurance company is on this page?
what other store is being advertised on the screen?
what sort of radios is that?
what's the company name that makes a radio?
is left for dead 2 a movie or game?
what disaster is in the window?
what are the risk colors for?
what numbers are on the book pages?
what brand of monitor?
what is written on the left side of the map in black?
what is the brand on the wall?
who wrote where men win glory: the odyssey of pat tillman?
are these on itunes?
what is the brand of this laptop?
what serach bar is on the top right?
name of the website?
what does the text in bold say?
what is the brand of computer monitor?
what is the brand of laptop on top right?
what is the model of the laoptop on the rigt?
what website are the screens on?
this a laptop using internet?
what is the brand of the headphone?
what word is written in red on the computer screen?
what year is listed on the very last part of the sentence on the laptop screen?
what brand is this computer?
what brand is the machine?
what is the operatin gsystem?
what does the red caption say?
what is the title of product at the bottom?
does the sign wish them good luck?/?
what is the furthermost left number?
what type of computer is this?
who built the monitor?
what brand of computer is this?
what does it say in the screen?
what operating system is on the screen?
what is the brand of chips?
all foreign language?
what brand of computer is this?
what is the first letter in the bottom row?
what operating system is loading up?
what is on the left monitor?
what brand is the speaker box?
what is the brand of paper stacking below the monitor on the left?
what brand of computer is this?
what is the topic of the conference?
what company makes that monitor?
what brand of beer is on this desk?
what does the computer screen say?
who manufactured the computer?
what is the brand of the computer monitor?
how many followers does this page have?
what year did the stream take place in?
what is the brand of the laptop?
what brand is this laptop?
what is the monitor brand name?
what word is displayed in big letters on the screen?
what do you have to do to end recording?
what are you doing the computer?
where is techdirt greenhouse located?
when is this event taking place?
what is the price of that item?
is this machine sold for less than $200?
what kind of program is being used?
what's the first word you can see from the top left?
is this a mac?
what time is displayed on the tablet to the left of the monitor?
what is the computer brand?
what business is it?
is that the top of a local map or a national map on the laptop screen?
what is the monitor type?
what is the brand of monitor?
what is the brand of this laptop?
what time is it at the top of the screen?
what team is playing against boston?
when is the game?
how long does it take to score your movie?
what can you score in seconds?
what brand of laptop is this?
what show is referenced in this page?
what kind of test is on the screen?
what is the brand of the giant monitor?
what does it say on the first black box?
what time is shown on the screen?
what time is it?
is this laptop using firefox?
what country is this politician representing?
our america is a?
who is he deputy to?
what is the top text on the computer screen?
what medical facility do these files refer to?
what is the size of the first file?
what is the brand of this laptop?
what is the brand of this monitor?
what is the name of the last menu title on the right?
what type of machine is that?
what day of the week was this picture taken, according to the computer screen?
what day of the week was this phto taken?
what is the last time of shows shown?
what should you do with your photos?
which website is displayed on the screen?
who is sitting in the left bottom corner of the photo?
what is the title of the person in the bottom middle area?
madexpo uses this software to find what?
how is this software being sorted?
what type of computer is that?
what version of windows is installed on the computer?
what time is it in the afternoon?
what is the brand shown in the center of the tv?
what brand of computer monitor?
what brand is the laptop?
what is the last word in the white boxes on the bottom of the screen?
what type of brand is the laptop?
what question is at the top of the page?
what's written at the top of the slide, with an exclamation point?
what is written at the top of the screen?
who makes that computer?
what is written on the sign above the box?
does this keyboard have a number pad?
what is one of the numbers seen on the keyboard?
what is the brand of the laptop?
what body part is mentioned in yellow?
what disease is mentioned on the web page?
what is the date on the bottom right?
is the project in progress?
does that say rendering above the progress bar?
what is written on the wall?
what are the 3 numbers on the top right?
what day of the week is on the screen?
how much time is remaining?
what is the first line written above the timer on the laptop?
what brand is the left-middle electronic?
when is this movie in theaters?
what does the text on the bottom say?
what kind of graphs are these?
what is the username on this student's sign in?
what kind of laptop is this?
what is the temperature?
what doing in laptop?
what brand of water is on the table?
what tab is highlighted on the screen, in the upper left corner?
what brand of pc monitor is this?
which operating system is the computer running?
what is the computer's name?
what search engine is this?
how many pages?
what is the title of this page?
what is the first letter on the word on the top of the screen?
what brand is the monitor?
what number is on the second blue line?
what brand of computer is this?
what do the words under the icons on the front desktop say?
what letters are on the middle block?
what kind of guides are those?
what is the brand on the monitor?
is that a toy model of a kwik mart?
what company manufactured the laptop?
which operating system is this?
what brand is the computer monitor?
what brand is this monitor?
what name is on the album on the left?
i wonder what make/type is that laptop?
is this a computer game for children?
what brand of monitor is on the left?
is it apple or pc?
what's the brand name of the right monitor?
what brand is the keyboard?
what is the maker of the computer?
what operating system is being used?
what is the brand of this monitor?
what type of monitor is this listed in the top left corner?
what early apple device is this?
what does the top right corner icon say on the screen?
what number is on the bottom right of the number pad?
what is on the screen on the right?
what are the letters on the machine on the left under the knob?
what brand of computer is that?
what type of tv?
what brand is this laptop?
who is the interview hosted by?
is this an earlier version of mac book?
what company is on this photo?
what letter is at the top right corner?
what brand of laptop is this?
what state is listed in the sign?
what brand is this?
what letters are mentioned on the laptop's screen?
what is the word in red?
what letters are in large black print on the left?
what brand of laptop is this?
what bottle water brand is pictured?
whats color is the eye on the picture?
what is the type of card?
what brand is the laptop?
what website are they on?
is this a work or home computer?
what is the brand of the computer?
what is the percentage of the progress bar at?
what version of windows?
which app is being used?
what is teh brand of the monitor on the left?
what is the word written in the keyboard?
what is one of the textbooks shown about?
what is the large-font header on the website on the laptop?
what is the brand of the monitor?
what word is displayed in white on the top left of the girl's screen?
what does the card with the baby say?
what is the mostly blue pamphlet about?
what company is the man working at?
what time zone is mentioned on the far left?
what does the red poster say?
what is the website on the red poster?
what artist is playing now?
what is the song title playing now?
ultra large what?
what bold word is written in red?
what brand of monitor is this?
does the word test have parentheses around it at the top?
what year is this program?
what does the screen say?
what website is shown?
who makes the tv set?
what sign is in green?
what kind of laptop is this?
how many "s" are the kings of leon?
what is the subject of the two large signs on the wall?
what is the top thing written on both posters?
what does the webpage show?
what application is opening?
what tab is highlighted above the desktop?
what is the brand of this laptop?
what car sponsors this event?
what brand of monitor is this?
is this ready to record?
what are the numbers in the top right corner of the computer screen?
what big letter is displayed on the laptop screen?
what is computer brand?
what kind of books are shown in the back of the room?
what is the math problem on the poster?
what is the slide titled?
what is the first bullet point say?
what is the search engine that is shown?
what is the brand of monitor on the far left?
what brand is the recorder device?
what does the top activity say?
what is on the right at the top?
what brand is this device?
what is the lab number on the top right of the poster?
how many ports?
what is the title of the talk?
what does the text in red say?
who makes the headphones?
what speed is referenced on the note to the right of the man's hand?
what is inside?
what red mint tin is shown here?
how many keyboards are there?
what page is this for? students or teachers?
what project is this site?
what is the title of the outline page?
what kind of problem is the second bullet point?
what brand of computer is that?
what model is this monitor?
which company is shown on the bottom right?
what does item 38 thank the government for?
what is the subtitle shown?
what is the person's name that is referenced in the text?
what is failing?
what is seen on camera 1?
this video has been posted by who?
what has been chosen to open?
does this slide show you how to create something?
what is written on the green button on the bottom corner of the screen?
what day of the week was it here?
what month was this?
what number is on the large banner?
what is written on the top right display board?
what year was this?
what is typed above day?
what kind of monitors are these?
is the screen on the left a dashboard?
what brand of laptop?
what is the second hashtag?
what does the first sentence say on this computer screen?
what do they need to collect?
what brand is this monitor?
brand name nokia?
what is the brand?
thiis is paper?
what type of computer is this?
does this run windows xp?
what are on the code?
what does it say to take a quick overview of?
what does the sign on the wall say?
what application is minimized?
is there a video app in the background?
what brand is on the computer?
what brand is on the left side of the screen written in black over pink?
what brand is the monitor on the right?
what does the sign in the middle say?
what word is visible on the shirt?
what does the orange sign say?
what brand is the monitor?
what book is next to the laptop?
what is the first letter on the book?
what brand of computer is that?
what percent of the files are currently copied?
what is the library?
what kind of computer is on display?
what audio file format is shown behind the computer?
is that a samsung screen?
does the keyboard have a ctrl key?
what does the banner say?
what type of laptop is this?
do we need to be quiet?
what year is written on the light house?
who makes the monitor?
what does the text say?
does this say ubuntu is running?
what brand of laptop is this?
what brand of computers are those?
what is the time in this photo?
what kind of studies?
what website is being used?
what letters are in red on the second line?
who made the computer monitor?
what type of keyboard is that?
what brand of laptop is this?
what social media website are they using?
what app is being shown according to the top left of the screen?
what kind of case is shown?
what word is show in white font on the pop up?
what is the title of the website on the screen?
what is the mouse pad?
what brand of computer is this?
which company is issuing the test?
who are you if you don't need a weapon upgrade?
what shipping company name is known?
what is the store name?
what is the title of the article?
what is the brand of the monitors?
what is the caption in the bottom of the screen?
what internet browser is this person using?
what is the computer doing?
what is the screen size in inches?
is the computex taipei 2009 the best choice?
was this made in june?
what social media platforms are advertised?
what website is this?
what year is this from?
what brand of computer is shown?
what word is shown both right side up and upside down?
what does the green button say at the bottom?
what's the name of this monitor?
what is the first word written on the wall on the right?
whats the first company sponsor is on the mans left sleeve?
what brand of laptop is on the left?
what year is the social media debate?
what brand is the laptop?
what does the screen say to confirm?
what is this form called?
what brand is this monitor?
is this an led monitor?
where in canada is showing on poster?
what is the last number listed behind the woman?
the last number on the list behind the girl is what?
can anyone see the words here?
what are the words on the header at the top of the page?
what brand of desktop computer is on the table?
what company name is on the mouse pad?
what does it say on the slide on the screen?
what brand is the computer monitor?
what kind of board is this?
what brand is the monitor?
frontiers of what?
what word is below frontier?
what does it tell you to do to sign in?
what brand of computer is this?
what letter is in the corner?
what kind of laptop is this?
what company is this laptop from?
what is a heading on the web page?
wjay question is in blue on the screen?
what does the pc need to do?
what is written on the blue button?
who makes that monitor?
what kind of computer is this?
what brand laptop is in the picture?
what brand of toothpaste is located on the left?
what kind of laptop is this?
what is written in the top left of this slide?
is an asylum mentioned?
what type of computer is this?
what size is the macbook air?
what is the brand of monitor?
what is the number on the top of the computer?
what name is on the guy's t-shirt?
what is written in white under the brand name?
what tab file is currently open?
what equals kr 1 436?
what operating system has been installed?
when will the computer restart?
what is the error on the screen?
will all previous user data be saved?
what country is the meeting about?
what country is the focus on the monitor page?
what phone model on the top right is featured?
what version of android does this phone use?
what is the name of one of the programs used?
what is the program at the bottom left?
what time does the clock say?
what is the price of the sandwich on the board?
how far along is the writing video percentage?
is that the main view?
what brand of mouse pad is this?
what brand of monitor is this computer?
what company is assigned to that booth?
what brand of computer is being used?
what laptop is that?
what does the sticker with the heart say?
what browser name is written on the man's lanyard?
what kind of mark is shown on the black part of the screen?
what does the shirt say?
what kind of ears are on the paper on the left front of the table?
what type of computer is that?
what brand of cigarettes is in the bottom left hand corner?
what year is it?
what three letters are on the bottom right on the calendar?
what does the sticky note say to do with the computer?
what website is open?
what are they listening to?
what is written on the box under the desk?
what brand of monitor is that on the left?
what brand are the blue boxes?
what sort of certificate?
who was the certificate awarded to?
what greeting is written on the computer?
is there any money on the screen?
what does the text say about the topic?
what does the green tab say?
the screen is too far away to read, what does it say on the screen?
what type of laptop is this?
what company logo is on the board on the red wall?
what computer model is this?
what it is display?
what newspaper is he reading?
what is the computer getting?
what is the computer checking for?
what does the red book say?
what number is on the blue and white box on the left?
is the cpu fan labeled?
is that a windows laptop?
what series of computer is this?
what does the sign say behind the woman?
what mac os number is on this computer?
is this an ibookg4?
what type of monitor is he using?
what does the right-most orange box say?
what are the ideas for>?
how many hours is on the yellow package?
who's the tv network for this guide?
what is the name of the operating system?
what does the computer want you to do?
what must you check according to the green arrow?
what does the green arrow read?
is this a tech informative website?
what website is the computer on?
who will be india's urban darlings?
what is the name of this computer on the screen?
what brand is the computer?
what brand is the laptop?
sony laptop brand?
who's blog is shown on the screen?
what brand phone is mounted on the wall?
what number is visible on the jersey sleeve?
who manufactured the monitor?
what service are they in?
what word is written in the triangle?
what is the company on the top left of the screen?
what brand of laptop is this?
what is the brand of headphones?
what webpage is this?
what's the last letter of the banner on the left?
are they listening to a podcast?
what is listed right below podcasts?
what brand of laptop is this?
what is the site name?
is this a fox tab?
where does the table say it wants you to be?
what does the table say?
what is the brand of this laptop?
what os system does this compuer use?
what brand of computer?
what is the name of the game?
what is one of the options on the main screen?
what is the brand of the laptop?
where is the project located?
what is the title of the project?
what is the smallest number on the bottom of the pole?
what is the largest number on the top of the pole?
what program is open on the macbook?
what kind of laptop is this?
what computer are they using?
what's chiara's last name?
what type of laptop is this?
what is the last name seen?
what does the middle of the screen say?
who makes this laptop?
which browser currently open in this laptop?
is it new beer?
what brand of laptop?
does it say if this actually works?
what is the time on the computer?
is this coming soon?
what is written on the back of the shirt on the guy on the right?
what is the name for this device?
what is the model number of this mini server?
what kind of access can you get here?
what does the sticker on the left laptop say?
what brand is the laptop on the left?
what is the title above the display screen?
what version of wienweb is this?
what brand of computer is this?
what is the name of the window that is open on the computer?
which windows version is this disc for?
which windows is that?
red warning at the top?
who is the letter addressed from?
what company is this for?
what does it say on the podium?
what number is written in big red letters in the corner?
what does the red number mean?
what is the brand of this tv?
does this place belong to the ripple effect?
one if one of the bookmarks shown?
what brand of computer?
what model is the computer monitor?
window screen or not?
what is the name of the computer operating system?
how much ram does this computer have?
what brand of laptop is this?
what version of windows is on this computer?
what company is the copyright for at the bottom of the screen?
what is the word on top of the black and red mouse?
what time is it on this laptop?
what is this stand set up for?
what company's booth is this?
what is written in the purple shape?
what year is the program from?
what number is written in the calendar icon?
what brand is the computer?
what is the analysis of on the computer?
what is the website?
what is the name of this guide?
what time does scooby doo start?
what is the big red word on the top right of monitor screen?
what brand is this computer?
what is the name of the shop?
what kind of question is this?
what social media site is this page?
what is the computer brand?
what comment is at the very top?
what are the hashtag words on the top conversation bubble?
which laptop it?
what kind of installer is this?
what brand is this monitor?
what is the heading?
what web page is the person using?
who posted the tweet?
what does the green cloth say in big letters?
what drink is on the desk?
what company makes the monitor?
what is the number inside the (parenthesis) on the paper in the bottom left?
what is the last word of the text?
what is the first lettter of the tect on the top?
what is on the screen on the left?
what is the brand of the monitors?
when can you "win"?
is that a qwerty keyboard?
who is the maker of the laptop?
what os is on the laptop?
whats the brand of that desktop?
laptop displayed some errors?
are they showing clientel?
what is the name of the button on the bottom left?
what is the title of the slide?
how many minutes are shown on the timer?
what are the two letters on the black speaker?
what brand of laptop is this?
what usb is being displayed?
how many mph?
what version is this software in?
what brand is this computer?
what type of devices are these?
what brand of laptop is this?
just build what?
how much does the 27 inch imac display cost in dollars?
this is computer?
what kind of computer is that in from of them?
what is the brand of the keyboard?
what does the multi-colored text at the top say?
what does the button at the bottom left of the screen say?
what baud speed is indicated in the lower left?
who has been approved for this trailer?
what is the film rated?
are they viewing facebook?
what does the sign on the wall say?
what is the time on this computer?
what is the day mentioned on the computer?
what does the middle button do?
what does the yellow button on the top left say?
what social media website is being used?
what brand of macs are those?
what is the temperature right now?
what location is temperature shown for?
what % is the apple tv 2?
what product is in the box?
what is the company who makes the product in the box printed in giant black letters?
what's the make of the screen?
what brand is this man's shirt?
what brand is this laptop?
what is the chemical code on the bottom in red?
what is the title of this section?
how many anniversaries have there been according to the small sign?
what brand is the speaker on the left?
what is the time shown?
what time is displayed?
what title is shown on screen?
what's the brand name of this monitor?
what type of keyboard is this?
what does the green sign say?
what is the temperature in celsius?
what brand is this laptop?
what kind of program system is this?
what is the brand of the laptop?
what text is visible on the screen?
what time did kevin marks enter the chat?
this is a computer program?
what brand of laptop is this?
what phone does he love/?
the writing is not clear to read, what does it say?
what brand of laptop is this?
does that say scott on the monitor?
what program is this?
is this conference only in one nation?
what kind of disk should be inserted in drive a?
what brand of computer is this?
what is the name of the school on the powerpoint?
what type of research refuge is shown on the pink sheet of paper?
what program is this person working in?
what are the first two words are displayed at the very bottom of the screen?
what is the licenses plate in the background?
what is the number of the license plate on the wall?
what is the name of the open webpage?
what is the brand of this laptop?
what is the ad used for?
what company is the poster for?
what does the mousepad say?
what is the operating system?
how many kb does the macintosh have?
what company made the computer?
what program is open on the screen?
what class is being looked at?
what is the brand of the mouse?
what brand of computer?
what is the brand of this monitor?
chat is this labeled?
what foundation is this?
according to the slogan, what matters?
what soft drink brand is sponsoring this event?
what numbers are seen to the left?
who is this for?
what is the manufacturer of the laptop?
what is this panel series called?
the red sign say stop?
what year was this footage shot?
what is the name that's scribbled in black below the blue keys?
what year is in the electronic article title?
is there a "chrome" tab on this screen?
what software is down at the bottom?
what is the name of the store?
is this beer store?
what does the computer screen say?
what does the closest red sign say?
what does the sign say behind the mealtime sign?
what is the country named on the black banner on the left side of the image?
what year was the beverage on the right started in?
what country is cited on the bottle to the right?
what store is that?
what is the name of the saloon in this picture?
what is the street number of this business?
what is their motto?
what is the name of this place?
does that machine actually dispense mars bars?
what is picture?
what does that shop sell?
what is written on the top of the building, black against white?
what brand is this oil?
where was this product made?
what is the name of the ea game featured?
what is the date on the sign?
what brand is on the bigger sign?
what beer is said on the second to right?
what discount is in the bin?
how much do the items in the bin cost?
what is the word right of the door of the green store front?
what is the name of the shop opposite the cafe?
in what aisle can you find pasta?
what type of coke is this?
what color label does this brand use?
who makes the beer on the right with the blue label?
what year was the beer made from the anchor brewing company?
what word does the sigh spell?
what part of the store is in this?
do they sell telephones?
what's the product name over the middle fridge?
what register number is this?
what department is the man with the yellow ball standing in?
what kind of man is mentioned here?
how many bags are in the box on the far left?
is the word "zed" visible in this photo?
is that a pot store?
what's the name of the shop?
what type of supplier does the store say they are?
what is the name of the store/?
what is the name of the store?
what does it say in blue on the sign with the guitar on it?
how many vegtables does the sign say we need a day?
whose diner is this?
is the diner open or closed?
what station is this?
what is the name of the candy in the yellow packages with red lettering?
what is the name of the candy in the long yellow box?
what sort of shop is this?
what do the black letters say?
how much can you save up to?
how much does tide cost?
what type of bleach is behind the girl?
what brand of detergent is being sold?
do they ship or don't they according to the sign?
what is the name of the market?
what kind of store was this picture taken in?
does this store sell scope?
what is the name of the store?
what drink brand is this?
how much are the items on the end cap?
what drinks brand is on the fridge?
what brand is represented on the fridge?
is this a chinese market?
what is in the tall green and yellow container on the right?
who wrote the da vinci code?
how much is fanta pineapple?
what kind of drink is on the sign?
is there a deli in the building?
what type of bakery is it?
what does svelty have extra of?
what brand of sports drink is on this shelf?
what can you win?
where is this shop located?
where is the kiosk?
what does the arrow indicate is to the right on the orange sign?
what is written on the red poster on the bottom?
which brands appear in the store?
what number was written on the blue shirt?
what is the brand of the soda on the ground?
what brand of towels located at the bottom of the cart did he buy?
what aisle is this man in?
which web browser is open on the computer?
what flavor of chips is in the blue bag?
what brand of snack is in the black ba?
how does it want me to save according to the sign on the right?
what price is the closest price?
what section of the store is this?
can post-prom essentials be found here?
what do you get when you buy one?
what kind of offers?
what variety of beer is this?
what kind of candy is in the gold and yellow box?
what kind of frenzy?
what is the name of this mart?
whats the name of this mart?
what rhymes with "coffee" that is on the bottom shelf?
what is the price of the peppers?
what is the price of the squash?
how much are the first two drinks on the top left?
what kind of beer  can you see?
what does it say on the yellow sign?
what do you get if you buy 3?
what brand of cigaretes are sold?
what is being sold in the red bags hanging on the shelf?
what is in the white bottle?
what is written on the sign hanging on the shelf?
where is this store located?
what number is posted in yellow on the display on the right?
what is the name of the store?
what band is named on the display on the right?
what's the name of the book store?
in addition to books, what does the store offer?
what brand are these snack cakes?
what soda brand is on the cooler along the back wall?
do they sell nuts in this aisle?
what types of books are these?
what type of books are these?
what is the name of the square according to the light green banner?
what road is this on?
what is the brewery featured on the side of the fridge?
what is the name of the beer on the side of the fridge?
how many g are in the bottle?
what brand is this?
what letter is written on the orange banner on the top?
which letter is written on the turquoise banner?
does this shop sell cigarettes?
what is the name of this store?
what does the nearby aisle contain?
what should you expect?
what kind of store is encore?
what is the number of encore?
what is the word on the display on the far right?
what is the name of the shop?
what is the number listed for this business?
what kind of business is this?
what is 1.99?
are the salads freshly served?
what day is father's day?
what is it a day for?
how much is puzzle time?
is there a book on word games?
what aisle number is the furthest away?
what is the price on the sign nearest the cashier?
which aisle number is the one on the far left?
what does the green sign say?
is this a fruit store?
what brand of soda is shown here?
what is written on the banner?
what is the name of the product?
how many grams?
what does the red banner say?
how much do the items under the red banner cost?
what word is next to the legs?
which cashier number is on the left?
what is the name of the store?
what brand made the product in the orange and red package?
what number is on the package with a bull?
what is the name of the store?
what kind of product is the red box on the right?
is sam adams a brand featured?
can large cars park here?
are these items on sale?
is there an ice machine in this store?
what does the red letters on the white wall in the back say?
what is the sale price on the wall?
what is the low price advertised in between the coolers?
is this a food store?
what product is sold in this section?
what phone is in the case straight ahead?
what section of store is this?
what is free?
what greeting is written on the stores window?
is this chinese?
is the pop cold or hot?
is this a self service place?
what is the price of the four wheeler?
what is the name of the general store?
what soda brand is shown on the blue crate?
how much is the produce on the far right?
how much is the produce on the left?
what is the name of the company who supplies the food?
what soda company is on the side of the cooler?
what aisle number is directly above the coca-cola machine?
which department is this?
what is the name of the shop?
is 421 the booth number?
what does the store sell?
what is the time on the megatron?
what show are these characters from?
what movie is the toy name on the bottom?
what is the name above the man in the poster?
what brand are these alcohol?
what does city cafe want you to do?
what is the name of the cafe?
what is the name of the orange dish detergent?
what brand is directly in front of the man in the pink shirt?
what section of the store is shown?
what items are in this section of the store?
what is the first cereal on the middle shelf?
what cellular company in orange is displayed here?
what soda is in green?
what brand is this?
what slogan did coke use in this display?
is there a sale sign?
what emotion is written on the sign?
what fruit is etched onto the glass?
what brand of toothpaste is this?
are these different types of colgate toothpaste?
what store is this the doors to?
how much is the chollo?
what store is this?
what section is this?
what is the price on the white flyer at the bottom?
how much is the czech liquor?
which company operates these machines?
how much do the weetabix cost?
how much is a can of chopped sea clams?
what brand of water is on the shelf?
what kind of beer is on the end of the isle?
which brand is feature on the black sign on the left?
what number is on the register sign on the right?
what brand of toys are these cars?
what is the name of the car on the top right?
what is the name of this store?
how much does the mario kart toy cost?
what is the price of things in this store?
what store is this?
what is one visible piece of candy?
what is the name of the medicine that cost $23.88?
what ranking is the medicine by doctor prescription?
what does it say on the yellow sign on the left?
how much is a bird nest?
what does the sign with the blue text?
what does the red sign say?
what does the machine say on the far right at the bottom in red?
what brand of bug spray is closest?
what are the pencils called?
how much if the s f mug?
what brand of candy is this?
what is being sold in the store on the left?
is this a bazar?
what kind of herbs is 9.19?
what product is being sold?
what are they selling in this section of the market?
does this section of the market offer service?
what selection of books is on the table in front?
is that a bookstore?
is that text in english?
what food section is featured on the photo?
are those doritos?
what do the silver letters say?
what does the red sign say?
what can you find in this aisle?
what is the number of the aisle?
what is the name of the store?
what currency denomination is specified on the sign?
what section is the large blue sign?
what section does it say on the very top right corner of the picture?
what is their return policy at this store?
what is written on top of the storefront?
what is on the blue banner on the bottom right?
what does the purple box say you can win?
what type of sports ball is on the big green sign hanging from the ceiling?
what can be purchased under the blue sign?
what kind of supplies are being sold?
what event is getting ready to take place?
what brand is on the box?
how much are the paper towels selling for?
how much is the bottle water selling for?
what has attitude?
what types of meats are advertised?
are the meats fresh according to the sign?
what is being sold on the bottom left?
what kind of fish is being sold for $24.99/?
what is the name of this store?
what word begins with c in the store name?
what is the cost of the products?
can you pay with a card?
what does the overhead sign say to use only of?
what large sign is shown on the wall?
what aisle number is this?
how much does gallec cost?
what kind of thing is for sale on the left/hanging?
what is for sale on the far left in the bags?
what kind of boat is on the inflatable sun?
what is the catchphrase under the banana boat sign?
how many wharfs are seen?
what kind of tickets can you buy?
what is the first omelette being sold by the food truck?
what is the name of the store?
what can you play from the yellow cart?
how many types of cheerios are there?
what kind of cheerios are in the brown box?
what type of nuts are in the red bag at the top?
what does the yellow sign say?
are the red letters on the sign under the man chinese words?
what store is on top right?
how much is 1 pcs?
how much for 3 pcs?
what type of food are these?
some food product?
what is being sold here?
what type of explosive is used in the fireworks?
what country is this museum for?
are items at sheetz pre-made?
what is on the wall?
what is the word after barely on the sign to the far left?
what should you ask to see?
what kind of shop is the machine on the left?
what soda is advertised on the red sign?
is this a big sale for wwltbild?
what is on the red banner around the table on the right?
is the sign to the left for traditional games?
what type of supply house is this?
where is knott's berry farm located?
what isle is on the right?
do they fill prescriptions?
what type of cuisine does this restaurant offer?
what is the name of the restaurant?
what kind of mints are those?
is smoking allowed here?
does the sign mention it being time-saving or convenient?
what kind of tazo is this?
what brands of drinks are being sold here?
what kind of refills are advertised?
what is being sold at the stall on the left?
what does this shop serve?
is the store currently serving hot donuts?
what is the price of the product on the top right?
what is the price of the products to the very bottom left?
does this store sell guitars?
what is the name of the store?
what does the sign tell you to do with grace?
what is the product name?
who makes 5-hour energy drink?
what size is the oreo?
what is written on the cookie top?
what operating system does the laptop use?
who makes that lard?
what is the name of the soda?
what brand is advertised on the machine?
what are the words in yellow?
what cartoon is shown in the blue text?
what store is this?
how much do the dvds cost?
how much is the gula prai?
what is gula prai?
what is this aisle selling?
which aisle number are we in?
what section is to the left of gangsters true crime?
what famous musician is seen in blue font on the album on the bottom of the photo?
what does it tell you to do on the left in blue?
how much are peanut butter cups?
what is "2'x6'"?
what kind of sale?
what brand is the green soda?
how much do you save on the blue smirnoff?
what type of alcohol are these?
what's the name of the product?
what is the name of the item being held up?
what is the price of the top right object?
what word is on the front glass above the anime character?
what snack is in a yellow back front and center?
what brand of gum is on the left in boxes stacked high?
what do they sell here?
what does this shop sell?
what is the name of the book shop?
what is the postbox's number?
the graffiti mentions that someone loves what location?
who loves the city of melbourne?
what does this shop sell?
what is the name of the store?
what number is next to the letter a in the sign?
what section are they in?
what letter is inside the red circle?
what kind of fish is sold here?
what brand of the tomato ketchup available here?
what store is shown here?
what is the number before the % sign?
what is the magazine above dwell?
what can you tour?
which city are the black and red magnets on the top for?
what brand of spread is the man buying?
what is the caption of this photo?
what kind of noodles are on the fourth row from the top?
what snack is on the second shelf?
what store is this?
what drink is on the front of the store?
what aisle is the woman in?
can you find party supplies on this aisle?
what soda brand is sold here?
is the sign in the store written in english?
what type of toys are these in the white boxes?
what is the cost for nachos?
how much are newports?
what cold beverage is on sale here?
what brand of soda do they sell?
what camera brand is shown in the image?
what does this area of the store sell?
what kind of blow pop brand is shown?
what kind of delight is this business?
what is the name of the restaurant?
what flavor of jiffy pop is featured?
what brand of popcorn is advertised?
how much are pork shoulders?
what number is on the awning?
what time does this store open on saturdays?
what kind of store is this?
what brand of toilet paper is that at the very left?
how much percent off are the books?
what department is on the right side of store?
what is the first word on the sign at the top?
what section is this a picture of?
what convenience store is this?
what is the quote saying above the drinks?
what is the first word after "paint"?
which country are the wine displayed in the middle from?
what are the letters of the shelf at the front?
whats next to the green plus at the top left area?
what department is this?
what toy is shown in the sign?
what condition are the toys?
what is on the sign above sandiwches?
what easy to eat food does this shop sell?
what section is this?
is that a studio?
what radio station is being advertised on the banner?
why do we buy some fruit?
what does the sign say to buy?
what's the sign behind th ecounter person?
what type of drink does everybody like, according to the banners?
what brand is on the blue freezer?
what is the middle display area selling?
are lower prices new?
what item is advertised above the blonde girl?
what kind of beverage is shown?
what is the brand name at the bottom?
where can the bulbs be sent?
send your bulbs all over the world open every day order your?
what is the brand of pizza on the far left?
how much is the self-rising crust pepperoni pizza?
what is the largest numbered aisle visible?
what is the brand name cereal shown?
what type of store is this?
what 3 letter word in on the green sign?
is this a super k-mart?
thank you for what?
what section of the store is the picture taken in?
what does the yellow section of the sign say?
what website is this from?
what brand of bread has the tag on it?
how much does the bread cost?
what is the store name on the right in blue signage?
what is the first word on the sign on the left?
whose jersey is the man wearing?
what is the players number on the jersey?
what does the sign say?
what two letters are on the magazine immediately to the left of the girls head in the middle of the picture?
how much does the 1000 minutes net10 cost?
what is the name of the snack on the top left?
what is the name of the snack on the bottom right?
what is the price of the fruit on the sign on the right?
what's the number on the far left sign, in the window?
what merchandise section is displayed on the left?
what does that white box say? organically grown what?
on the left does it say frazier lake or something else?
what kind of soda is there?
is the food in this isle bad for you?
what brand of gummi bears are carried here?
what kind of candy in the red bag? (2 words)?
what is the cost of the products on the table?
what type of soda is on the basketball backboard?
what did they spell with the black boxes?
what section of the store is this?
what store is this?
what is being sold here?
when are the prices from?
what is the rightmost open lane?
what brand is on the closest fridge?
what's the name of the store?
when are the deals?
what does it say after "buy big"?
what does the large overhanging orange sign say its going back too?
what store is this?
what name is on the pink and white box?
what is the name of this store?
what is the lowest price of the plushies being sold in the front?
what word is written in white with a black background?
whats the sale price of the dr. pepper?
what country do these snacks belong to?
what well-known candy is next to the package with the blue angry bird on it?
what is one of the brands?
what number is at the bottom of the sign on the right?
is that an exit sign in upper left ?
what candy is advertised?
what section of the store is shown?
what section of walmart is this?
what price is shown on the right?
how much is shown on the orange sign on the left?
what is the price on the yellow sign?
what does the banner above the window say?
what is the zone?
what register are the two ladies checking out at?
what number is on the sign handing from the ceiling and printed in red?
what does the bike say?
what store are they in?
what word is following the &?
what is in the foremost jar?
how much does the jar closest to the camera cost?
what is being sold 2 for $6?
what is in the tin that costs $5.49?
how long are they open?
what street name can you see?
what is the street name on the sign in green?
what brand is listed in the green middle?
what is the large red letter?
what brand is being sold here?
what flavor is in the middle in blue?
who wrote greedy bastards?
what is the title of the book?
what movie is being advertised?
what aisle number is this?
name one of the brands shown in this store?
what is the name of the brown box cereal on the top shelf?
what is the cereal at the bottom right?
what brand uses play! color! as part of their advertising campaign?
what's the number in the bottom left?
what type of retail outlet is this?
where does the outlet obtain its product from?
how many hanes shirts can i get as a bonus?
what are the words above the man's head on the ad on the bottom left?
what is the name of this store?
what number is in the bottom left hand corner item?
what brand of chocolate is this?
are there differet types of ghirardelli pictured?
what is the brand?
where are the mugs from?
what is the type of coffee?
what is the prand is showing on box on bottom?
what flavor is the chocolate on the top?
what is the name of this cologne?
who makes this cologne?
this dial is all very what?
is this a do it all sale?
what type of kit is this?
what is the name of the scale?
what is the model number of the scale?
what's the brand?
what language is this in?
how many spf is this?
what kind of food is in the green container?
what flavor of palmetto cheese is in the green containter?
what company makes this serum?
what is this cream?
what celebrity is quoted here?
what shop is this product from?
how many years of community trade?
what does this say to remember?
how many ounces does this weigh?
wha tis the name of the spray?
what is the kind of lotion?
what does the man's hat say?
what kind of essentials are these for?
what is the name of the brand displayed in the can?
what year is on the can?
what type of beverage is this?
what brand is that?
what is the scent?
what percent alcohol is this?
what is the product called?
what is in the jar?
what is written on the paper?
isthe bottle empty?
what brand is this?
what kinda of butter is in the container?
which brand is found here?
what will the facial mask do to your cells?
how much extra cream is included?
what brand is this cream?
what flavor is the soap and lotion?
what is the brand name on this skin perfector?
what is the name of this product?
what is the brand of sherbet?
what is written on the container with the blue lid?
what brand is on the shelf?
is that a .com or .br?
what is the website's name?
what color is this hair dye?
what six digits can we see on the black object?
what is the name of the product?
where is the creme made?
what brand isi t?
who is this skincare for?
what is the brand of these cosmetics?
what is the color of the eye-liner gel?
what vitamin is in this ointment?
what is the brand name shown on the black container?
how much oxygen pro should be added to a load of laundry?
what are the vitamins?
what company is the manufacturer of this milk?
what percent fat is this?
what is the name on the first bottle from the left?
what kind of cream is this?
what collection are a couple of these creams from?
are these cosmetics from the same company?
what company makes the pink box?
what brand of wine is this?
where was this beverage made?
what are these treatments supposed to do with curly hair?
what company made these products?
how many centimeters can the payuda lift the breast?
what is the first ingredient in the payuda?
who was the author of this quote?
what does god give every bird?
every now and then, what happens?
what time is it on the sing?
what time is shown on this display?
how much does regular gas cost?
what website is listed in the lower right hand corner of the picture?
what are the scores on the scoreboard?
how many shots on goal does the "guest" have?
who is texting in this image?
what time does it say?
what does the middle button say on the left device?
what is this an experience of?
how many seconds are left?
what is the distance shown on this banner?
what day is it?
who made the clock?
what abbreviated country name is shown on this license plate?
this is mobile display?
which watch company is the official timekeeper?
what day of the week is indicated on this device?
can you snooze the alarm?
is today the 13th?
whose name is on this?
what is the temperature?
what is the fan set to?
what time is it?
how many coins are in the picture?
what is the brand seen?
what time is it?
what month is displayed on screen?
what is the score of the game?
what period is it?
what is the last number?
what date is on the clock?
is it am or pm right now?
what day of the week is it?
what tiem is it?
what time is it?
is there a snooze button on this clock radio?
what time is it?
what brand of clock is this?
what is the time shown?
what time is it?
what are the numbers on the devic?
what day was this screenshot taken?
what is the phone number of the missed call?
what is the top name on the screen?
what time is it?
what time is it?
what is the spm?
how many meters?
what is the time on the watch?
what is the company name who makes these watches?
what day of the week is it?
what is the word above 23?
what is the percent?
what time is it on the clock?
what time is displayed on the lcd clock?
which company makes this bright yellow clock?
what is the name of the plaza?
what time is it?
what time is on the digital clock?
what time is listed?
how fast is car 03 traveling?
what unit does the sign measure speed in?
is this a clock or something else?
what time is it?
what time is it?
what is on the clock?
what time is it?
what time is it?
how much does the device weigh?
what is the brand of the scale?
what is the time / numbers on the bottom of the phone screen?
what is the seven segment display showing?
what are the 4 numbers being displayed?
how much is the big blind?
what is this site called?
what is the time on the clock?
is this an odd or an even number?
what time is it?
what is the temperature outside ?
is it morning or afternoon?
what time is shown on the lcd?
what button should not be pressed?
is there a warning on the clock?
what time is it on the black clock?
what time does it say on the clock on the right (white)?
what does the clock say?
how much does this person weigh in kilograms?
what is the percentage shown on the top left?
who is the object welcoming?
what is the first word on the top of the screen?
what does the clock read?
what is the icon in the lower left of th ephone?
what percentage is on the right?
what time does the watch say?
what year is the date on the watch?
what day of the week is it?
what time is it, according to the clock on the left?
what time is shown on this clock?
what country is written on the clock?
what does this man weigh?
what is the brand name?
what number is underneath the painting?
is this clock a ge?
what letter is on the wall?
what brand is on the camera strap?
what does the woman's shirt say?
what is written on the umbrella next to uncle sam's hat?
what number is on uncle sam's scarf on the bottom?
what is this banner featuring?
what is the word on the right?
what brand of beer is this?
what kind of ale is this bottle?
what company is advetrtised on the glass?
what is the tag line on the glass?
what brand is the whisky?
what year is the whiskey?
what brand of drink is this?
what brand of drink is this?
this is bear?
what kind of water is she drinking?
what is the name of the beer?
what brand of vodka?
what is the name on the right bottle?
what kind of beverage is in the bottle?
what is the number on the bottle?
what is better?
what is boxed water?
what kind of beer is this?
what is the last word of the first line?
what is the man on the rights last name?
how much alcohol by volume does this beer have?
what country is this beer from?
who makes the lemony cricket product?
what brand of drink?
what flavour is this soda?
is this a soda?
what beer is that?
what brand of beer is the bottle on the right?
what brand of beer is this?
what type of beer is it?
who does the cup belong to?
what kind of gum in on the table?
what kind of beer is this?
what candy is shown here?
what is in the small shaker to the right?
what does it say on the mug?
what green sports drink is in the background?
what drink is in the foreground?
what brand of soda is on the side of the machine?
what time was it here?
what brand is on the left hand side bottle?
what is the in the nelita bottle?
what is the brand on the bottle?
what project is it?
what has to be entered here?
what brand is on the glass?
is the text on the mug in english?
what is the numerical number written in the bottom of the bottle?
what does the sticker say?
what does the box in the center say?
what phone number is listed on the ad?
what is on the glass?
what series of vehicle is mentioned on the paper?
what is the big number on the paper/?
what is the friendliest day of the year?
what brand beer is this?
what verse is this?
what is the word top right of the passage?
what brand of beer is this?
what is this brand of peanut butter?
what is the name of this drink?
what is the flavor?
what kind of haagen-dazs is on the middle right picture?
what is the brand of the coffee in lower left picture?
what is the brand of beer?
what is that drink?
what is the name of this game?
which edition of brew-opoly is this?
which brand is featured?
what is the brand name of the candy bar?
what action figure is this?
wolfcop is armed with bullets and what?
what is the brand of the drink being advertised?
is the drink pasteurized or no?
what is this advertisement for?
is this the finest under the sun?
what brand is this drink?
what is the country of the ale?
what brand oil is shown?
what's the slogan?
what is the speak bubble?
what are the giving away for free?
what kind of cider is this?
who makes this cider?
how many liters is the beverage in the middle?
what is the brand name of the beer on the right?
how much salt is in this drink?
what is the brand name?
what company is on the glass?
what is the brand of the can?
how many fluid ounzes are in the bottle?
what is the ale brewed with?
what number can be seen on the box?
what % satisfaction from the pizza company?
what major coffee chain is this cup from?
is there a warning on the cup?
what brand of beer is this?
which city is this drink made from?
what is the brand of the beer?
what is the graphics firm's name that started in may 1978?
what is the name of this beer?
what type of drink is this?
what brand is this whiskey?
what kind of soda machine?
what brand name is the blue can on the far left of the middle row?
what type of wine is this?
what's the first word on the item on the far right?
what is the second word on the bottle on the right?
what flavor is the seltzer?
what brand is it?
what brand of alcohol is this?
what type of beer is labeled?
what magazine is on top of the stack?
what word is visible on the red magazine?
what letters are visible on the gold plaque to the right?
what is this 100% of?
how much protein is in this drink?
what kind of beer is this?
what color is this beer?
what brand made this liquor?
what kind of alcohol is this?
what is the brand of this?
what beer is in the glass?
what is spelled under guiness?
what is the flavor of this soda?
how many calories per drink?
what is the title of this?
where can you find this?
what is the drink in the cup?
what is the name on the cup?
what is the name of the drink?
is that alcohol or juice?
according to the poster, why should you abstain from alcohol?
what kind of water is it?
which brand use?
what does the glass crudely say?
what is the brand of the pale ale?
what is the brand on the bottle?
what company makes the tabasco?
who said this quote?
is this about being positive?
what kind of beer are they drinking?
what number is written on the glass on the left?
what kind of wine is that?
how many pints is this bottle?
what year is on the label?
what is the city named?
what's the percentage on the bottle?
what is inside the glass?
what's the name of the brewery?
what is the word that starts with r in the photo?
what brewery is featured?
what type of ales does this brewery make?
what is the major cellular phone carrier shown?
what is the right sponsor?
what cafe is this glass from?
what number is on the wall?
what kind of beer is this?
what kind of beer is it?
what is the brand of this drink?
what is extra about it?
what american state is is this from?
where is sharky's?
who made this beer?
what brand name is this drink?
who brews this?
what kind of drink is this?
what is written on this glass?
what brand is on the bottle?
what type of macbook is shown?
what brand of alcohol is displayed on the wall?
what are the 2 initials on the bottom right hand corner?
what is the man in the middle?
where is dr. daniel sitting?
what is one of the city names on the beer cup?
what is the ny city on the right glass?
what alcohol percentage is in dix ale?
what are the four words under the word "dix"?
what brand of pale ale is this?
what is the brand of this ale?
what are the first names of the authors of nurture shock?
what is the title of the top book?
what type of drink is this?
what is one of the brands of alcohol behind the bartender?
what does the glass say?
how many liters are these bottles?
is there a ginger beer here?
what is instructed on the orange sign?
what percentage alcohol is this beverage?
what brand of beer?
what is this brand of vodka?
what recepie number is this made from?
what year was this wine produced?
what number is on the bottle?
what has its price?
what brand is features?
what brand is the mustard?
what does the sign say at the top?
what brand of soy sauce?
how many ounces are in this bottle?
what does the coaster say?
what brand is the product in the black package?
what does this blue label say?
what does the rightmost yellow label say?
how old is this prohibited to?
does this have bodily fluids?
what is the name on the poster?
what flavor is this drink?
who is the mascot on this?
what website is shown on this ad?
what is the name of the brewery?
what is the first word written inthe top left corner of the star?
what kind of drink?
what brand of alcohol is this?
how many ml is the bottle?
how many calories does did yesterday's dinner contain?
what brand of beer is this?
what kind of brewers are the robinsons?
how many ml does the bottle have?
what will your life be full of according to the cap?
what brand is this drink?
what flavor is this drink?
what do they love?
what brand of beer is in the bottle?
what is the cafe's name?
what volume is there a measurement line on the glass for?
what is the number on the wooden top?
what is the date on the water bottle?
is the red sign above the door and exit sign?
what kind of beer is this, on the glass?
what is the name of teh liquor?
how many copies are sold?
what four digit number appears on this advertisement?
how many pencils are on top of the black notebook?
what year is this wine?
what valley is this wine from?
what is the name of the scotch whiskey?
what kind of whisky is shown?
is there artificial flavoring in this drink?
what fruit is this drink flavored with?
what is the type of finsbury gin?
what brand of alcohol is on display?
is there more than one beer on the floor?
where was this cigar likely made?
what is the brand of cigar?
is that a can of redbull?
is there a disinfectant in the picture?
can you see the word 'atomic' written on the glass?
what word is written on this glass?
what type of cola can you buy from this?
what brand is this soda machine?
is that a cup a small gulp or a big gulp?
what stick is on his laptop?
what kind of laptop is sitting on the table?
what is the highest number on the keyboard that you can see?
what is written below adnams?
what time can we see on the clock?
what brand of beer?
what kind of beer is this?
is this man working at a bar?
how many mhz is on the man's shirt?
what is the brand name of the drink?
what is the brand of the coffee?
what company is shown?
what beer is this?
what is the name of the brewery?
what kind of beer is the yellow can?
how much alcohol by volume is this beer?
is that an original bottle?
what number is written on these bottles?
what brand of beer is it?
what is the number in red?
what kind of service is offered on top?
what variation is the yellow drink?
what brand are these drinks?
what kind of soda is this?
this shot is almost how many ounces?
what drink is being advertised?
what is the date of the event?
which brand of beverage is this?
what year is on the middle beer bottle?
what team is on the green bottle?
what is in the bottle on the left?
what kind of sauce is on the top right?
what state is the hot sauce with the yellow label from?
how much is that fast dry product?
what large word is written on the large pink bottle to the left?
what nice phrase does the coke machine say?
what kind of beer is this?
what numbers are on this glass?
what brewery is this?
where is this travel book for?
what is the title of this book?
what is written on the pad of paper?
is this a carnival ride?
what does it say on the ride?
what kind of beer is in the can?
what does the screen say?
what celestial body is mentioned?
what brand of alcohol is thi?
what brand of soda is in the bottles?
what year is written on this poster?
is this written in english?
is this an ipa?
what is in the jar?
which flower is mentioned on the two middle bottles?
how many hours of energy would this give you?
what brand of energy drink is this?
what is the brand of the beer?
what shade of lager is this beer?
what is on the top red sign?
what number is in the top left?
what kind of beer is this?
what type of wine is this?
what year was this wine made?
what number is on the bottle?
what percentage of alcohol is in this bottle?
what is written on the cup?
what brand of cigarettes are on the table?
what type of soda is on the table?
what drink is advertised?
what kind of coffee is it?
what kind of competition is it?
who is hosting this event?
what brand of beer is it?
what type of beer is it?
what kind of beer is shown?
the tap with a fish on it is for what brand of porter?
what kind of glass is that?
what flavor is this drink?
what is the alcohol volume of this drink?
what type of liquid is this?
where was this made?
what is written on the water bottle?
what kind of beer is this?
what is the name of the book on the table next to the beer?
what letters of the books are shown on this book?
what kind of drink is this?
what is 30% off?
what store is this?
what kind of drink is this?
what is the brand of these jar cups?
what is written under ball?
what is the brand of this drink?
what year is printed on the label?
what letter is seen in the red star?
what's the large letter on the glass?
what is the name of the establishment?
what year is on the menu?
in what state is that brewery?
what brewery is that?
what's the number on the right?
what state is on the interstate sign?
what country is shown next to cambodia?
is the mekong river important to china?
what festival is the glass from?
the oktoberfest festival?
what type of oil is this?
what type of beer is inside of the erdinger glass?
what does this coca cola include?
what goes with bacardi here?
who authored animal farm?
what do the colorful letters say?
what is written in purple with a blue circle around it?
what is the caption for this photo?
what four numbers are on the cover?
what anniversary is this album celebrating?
according to the sign with red text in the background, what do your actions smack of?
what does the green sign say?
what kind of mail boxes does it say?
the official what?
what man name is written on the book?
what book is this?
what is the bold string in the first line?
what page is this?
what scene is this?
whats written on the cain?
what kind of graphics system is this?
what company made the software?
what words are above the heart?
what's on the box?
what do they kiss?
where was this package tanned at?
who wrote the book?
what box number?
what state was the letter postmarked in?
what brand is on the sticker?
what brand of laptop?
what brand of marker are the black ones?
what do the two black and white bookmarks say?
what are they advertising?
how much can you save according to the brochure on the side?
where is the pencil stored?
what kind of children are laughing?
which common emotion is printed on the top of the brochure?
what is the color of the word love?
is that an ace of hearts?d?
what five numbers appear in the two stamped images?
whose bag is this?
what type of zone sign is displayed?
what country is the stamp for?
what is the last name of the recipient?
what is a failure according to the banner?
what word is in yellow on the banners?
what name is on the business card?
what's the contact number on the business card?
who is mailing this letter?
what city is the stamp from?
what city in michigan is shown?
isthis a letter?
how many cents did the stamp cost?
which michigan city was the letter postmarked in?
what number is on the postage stamp?
160 postage stamp?
what do we care for?
what insect is on the table?
enter my what?
is the card a dirt humor birthday card?
what is the title in the middle?
what holiday does the card have?
what are they wishing you?
what date is on the card?
what is the name of the company?
what is the name on the paper by the triangle?
what country is the brown package being sent to?
who is the middle package for?
what is the pastry in the picture called?
is this vegan?
what is the year of the stamp?
what country is the round postal stamp from?
what country do the two identical stamps come from?
what does the top left stamp say?
how old is this mail?
what state is the post mark?
what is the po box of the letter on top?
who is the top letter to?
who is this written to?
what year was this written?
is the side shown for the address or not?
what kind of card is this?
what zip code is this being sent to?
what is the house number?
what does the paper say on the first word?
did carly have a good night?
is there a 10 dollar bill in here?
is the language shown latin?
what is the value for the stamp on the top right?
where was this letter mailed from?
what class mail is this?
what is the name of the city?
how long ago was this written?
what city is the postmark from?
how much would domestic shipping cost be?
what type of card is this?
what type of mail is this?
what year was this letter mailed?
what brand is featured?
what is in yellow on this stamp?
what number is written at the top of the white card?
what does it say at the top of this card?
is this to a female?
where did this letter come from?
who is the letter to?
what's the name of this bakery?
where is this bakery located?
what year is written on it?
what is the word on the middle of the page?
who is the envelope addressed to?
what does the note on the right say thank you for?
what month was this sent?
what type of food is this?
what does the napkin say on it?
is this about a pillow favor box?
what is the website at the bottom?
who is the post card addressed to?
what type of holidays does the card say?
what does the lady have?
what amount is written on envelope?
what does the person writing the note feel?
what is the first letter before the heart?
what was the first day of issue?
what is the number in the round stamp on the envelope?
what is the area code that the letter is being sent to?
what scout group is this from?
are all these logos scout groups?
what is written on this plate?
is the person eating here expecting bad news?
what is written in green?
how will be receiving the top envelope?
what does the top say?
where is this letter from?
what does the card wish?
what does the card say?
what does the stamp say?
what date is mentioned on the left corner of the envelope?
what number is stamped in red ink?
is there grass there or not?
what is the name of the museum?
who is the letter addressed to?
who is to the right of matt?
what is on the plastic sleeve?
what is the name of the person reserved as been made for?
what kind of candy bar?
only for what is this side of the card?
what name is written?
who is the letter for?
in what month was the letter sent?
what is in this package?
two letters on the bottom of the stamp?
what year was this stamped?
what does the envelope say?
what level is this for?
the date for this floppy disk is?
what company postal stamp is on the top right?
what is the address line?
is this an old copy of the game?
what year was this copyrighted?
where is the return address?
what year was this sent?
what year does the url say?
what occasion is this for?
what state was this sent from?
what town is the letter going to?
what is connected to the audio clip?
what type of mail is this transported with?
what city stamped the envelope?
what's the name of this box?
what letter appears after the brand name life box?
what date was this mailed?
who was this sent to?
what does it say next to the logo?
what is written on the card?
what is the brand on this item?
what word is on the top of the coin?
this is kains?
what does the box say?
are these t-shirts for couples?
in what year is the coin lying flat minted?
in what year is the coin standing upright minted?
what is on the lid of the white container?
what company made the makeup?
what does it say on the label?
what company makes this?
what kind of compact is this?
what is under the barcode?
what kind of jam is in the jars?
what is inside the box?
what brand is this makeup?
who made this product?
what kind of powder is this?
what makeup brand is this?
what can one do with the blemish?
is the too faced makeup box for sale?
who is your daddy?
what number is shown?
is this a complex brand item?
what kind of makeup is this?
what brand of makeup is this?
what type of product is displayed?
what is the name of this blush?
what is the product?
what is the use of this product?
what color are the letters on the box?
what is on the blue bloxes?
what is the brand name of the cosmetics?
what is the type of cosmetic?
what is the brand name on the black case in the front?
how expensive is this makeup set?
who is the author of the passage?
what is the title of this piece?
what number is written in white script at the top?
what brand of coffee is this?
what word is under the face?
what type of japanese beer is this?
what is the brand of the beer?
how long does it take to read each mystery story?
who is the author?
what is this image service?
what name on the bottle it starts with an a?
what name is on the can to the far right?
what name is on the black can?
what does the ad say could happen when you scratch your head?
what is the first bottle used for?
what brand are these balls?
whatis the content in the bottles?
what is the brand in the display?
on the purple bottle what are the top words?
what hair care product is this?
what is the brand?
what is the alcohol volume?
what brand of hairspray is this?
what is this liquid called?
what is the number on bottle?
what is the brand of conditioner?
how many ounces?
what does her shirt say?
what commission is this?
what is the licences plate of the truck?
what is the drink?
what is the drink name?
what design is the toilet paper?
who makes this tp?
what board game is she playing?
what website is this picture from?
what letter is on the bag?
what is the entrance number?
is the number 39 blue?
what brand is displayed here?
what is the slogan?
does leaf & limb make beer?
this says sticker what?
what is on the back of the green shirt?
are the women wearing greenpeace shirts?
what is on the guys shirt?
what is the last word on his shirt?
what month was this photo taken?
what is the name on the knife on top?
what is the brand of mustard on the yellow container?
what brand is the canned food item?
what year is on this bottle?
what kind of sugar is used to sweeten?
what kind of computers do people use in this group?
what kind of user group is this?
what city is this pilsner from?
what is in the second to the top drawer?
what does the man's shirt say?
what is written on the man's shirt?
what soda is in the green bottles?
what kind of manuals are advertised?
what is the word on the book he's holding?
what is the name in red on the bottle?
what time does the stove say?
what is the brand of this stove?
what is the brand of the lunch bag?
what kind of giftware is this?
how much does the least expensive item cost?
what's the name of the charcoal?
how many kwh?
what number preceeds kwh?
what brand is this drink?
what kind of herb is the green glass on the top rack?
where is the speakman company located?
what brand is this advertisement for?
what brand of coffee maker is this?
what is the second number on the back of the blue shirt?
what's the color of the text going across the bottom?
how are these pizza's being cooked?
what word is on the top right?
what brand is the blender?
how many years has this company been going?
who is watching them hug?
what time is on the oven?
what brand is this device?
what brand is this?
what flavor doritos are on the cabinet?
what kind of doritos?
what does the large box on the left of the counter say in white text?
what brand is this tv?
what do the black buttons control?
what does that poster say?
how many hours is this shop open?
what is the brand name of the device?
what is the first letter of the brand?
what brand coffee maker is this?
what does a stove keep?
what is the name of the stove?
what brand is on the brown box?
what brand is the coffee grinder?
what is the company name of this product?
what brand is on the boy's shirt?
what is written on the microwave?
what kind of oil is in the bottle?
what is the brand of the food item on the right in the middle rack?
fast food items?
what company makes this juicer?
what company made this blender?
what is the second to last letter in the brand name of this product?
what does they key say on the bottom left?
what is on this person's list to buy?
what kind of coffee?
what is the label on the container?
what time does the device say?
what is the brand of the chips?
this is juice and chackiet?
what are the 3 letters next to the top knob?
who manufactured the tv screen on the wall?
what kind of drives are left of the washer and dryer?
what kind of yogurt is in the fridge?
does the fridge have a coke soda in it?
what brand of beer is there in the fridge?
what brand is in orange font?
what is the brand name on the appliance?
what brand of bread maker is this?
where was the machine made?
what product is in the box on the right?
what is one brand of food in there?
what is the brand of this appliance?
what time is displayed on the microwave?
what brand of microwave is this?
what tv is that?
what brand are these cameras?
how much does a contax one cost?
what is the name of the cafe?
what does the person's sweater say?
what is the chef cooking?
how many calories in this dish?
what is on her hoodie?
what does the sign say above the fan on the right?
what does the blue sign say?
what does the sticker on the laptop say?
what is the name of the famous celebrity on the can of tea?
what lodge did this man's shirt come from?
what does it say above the doorway?
what company makes the coffee machine?
what brand is the coffee maker?
that is the make of the above gadgets?
what company is this for?
what is the year on the hoodie?
what state is on the jacket?
what kind of cereal is on the table?
what does the red letters say?
what does the sign above the coffee pot say?
some cartoon image?
what brand is this?
what is the label word under multi v?
what is inside the glass?
what is the brand of camera here?
what does the chalk board relay?
what brand is this butter?
what company logo is printed on the butter container?
what is the brand of the seltzer?
what product is the brand polar selling?
what make is the cooker?
do they have miracle whip?
what is on the left most button?
what are the two words in green and red?
what kind of business is the white van advertising?
what year is listed in the red circle on the label?
what is the brand of orange cleaning liquid?
what is the brand of the white kettle?
what is the over set on?
what is the name on the cutting board?
what kind of establishment is this?
where is this resaurant located?
what type of beverage is this?
what kind of food does the shirt mention?
what pizza place is that?
what's written after kitchenaid on the closest mixer?
what is the word written at the very bottom of the trash can?
what does the blue text on the box say?
what stove brand is that?
what should you do with fire?
what city is on his hat?
what does his hat say?
what brand of beer is in the case on the lower shelf?
what brand of soda is in the green box?
what brand of fridge is this?
what is the name brand of the shaker?
what is the second word on the shop?
do they have coke in the machine?
what is the bottom left soda on the machine?
what is the name of this food item?
how much does one cost?
what kind of offering is on the board?
what kind of coffee do they sell?
what brand of machine in the back right?
what is the brand of the mixer?
what is the sign on the building?
what is written on the sign on the left?
what is the time shown on the stove?
what is the machine model number?
what brand of soda is portrayed on the fridge?
what is the sign on the wall directing customers to?
what blend is the coffee?
what is the brand of the coffee machine?
what is the first person's name on the sign?
what is in the big brown box?
what brand is this oven?
what does the oven say?
what does it say on the orange bucket?
what month is it, stated on the calendar in the back?
what website is in the top left corner?
what is the word on shirt?
what is the brand of the mixer?
what brand of ketchup is in this fridge door?
what brand of orange juice is in the fridge?
what is the name of this radio station being advertised?
what company makes this stove?
who are together again?
are the contents of the box fragile?
what city is on the landyard around her neck?
what day is wine discounted on?
what is the word in on the right in white on the blue banner?
what does it say at the top of the vending machine?
what kind of frozen treat is served?
what is written on the man's green shirt?
what is the brand of the beer on the top?
what kind of food is in this machine?
what snack is that?
what is written in blue above this box?
some lg brand using?
what brand of charcoal are they cooking with?
what is the name on the bag?
what brand water is on the right?
how much money do i need to purchase the hamburger?
what is being cooked ?
what is the text above special?
what's the name of the store?
what brand is this oven?
what does the sign on the cupboard want the employees to do?
does does the woman's apron say she was born to do?
what brand is advertised?
this is used for what activity?
what does it say on the top right hole?
what is tru blood's slogan?
what brand of drink is in this refrigerator?
what brand of donuts is this?
what state are the donuts from?
what is the price on sale at the bottom right?
what whole dollar amount is the price on the bottom right closest to?
what is the black print above the valve for?
what are the words above the turnoff valve ?
what does the fire alarm say?
what are the three letters shown of the left box?
what soda is in the green bottle?
what is the name of the company being advertised?
what does the top left button do?
what brand is it?
what is the brand of the appliance?
what is advertised on the podium?
what brand made this machine?
how many stoves are there?
what brand of milk is shown?
what brand of honey is in the yellow bottle?
what drink should one enjoy ice cold?
what should you do with an ice cold coke?
which company is this appliance made by?
what model is this refrigerator?
what does this machine serve?
how long does it take it to make pancakes?
what temperature is it set at?
who branded this machine?
what company made the machine?
what is in the bag on the table here?
what is the last word in large text on the coffee bag?
what type of grill is this?
what kind of machine is in the background?
can i only have catchup or mostarda ?
what bank is hosting this event?
labour friends of what?
what brand is this coffee maker?
what beverage is in the pod on the left?
what does the girl love?
what is the brand of the beverage machine behind the girl?
what country is he representing?
what setting is the crock pot on?
what color is the crock pot?
what should you do when you're ready to order?
what should you do when you order?
what brand is showing?
what numbers are on the front?
what is the blender's name?
what kind of mixer is that?
what does the yellow fridge magnets say in the back?
what is on your apron?
what should you not drink?
what brand is on the watter bottle on the left?
how much is the cost on the paper by the microwave?
what kind of drink is in the carton on the right?
is there milk in the fridge?
what's the phone number on the back of his hat?
what is one of the spices on the counter?
what brand is depicted?
what items are featured in this ad?
how many minutes to cook?
what temperature is it set to?
what country does the flag on his sleeve come from?
what is the soldier's name?
what does the bottom postcard say?
what verb is labeled on the first box above the stove?
whats the name of the brand of the mixer on the shelf?
what is the brand of refrigerator?
what is the brand of soda in the refigerator?
what is he blending?
is that soymilk?
what brand is the mixer?
this  is  breed?
what is the name of this coffee machine (written in red)?
does the machine say bonamat?
who does the sign say you should notify?
what is written on the red sticker near the bottom?
do you push or pull the button on the soda machine?
what soda brand is in these machines?
what route number can you see on the sign above the man?
what is the date stamp of this photo?
what does the girls shirt say to do?
what is written in big print on the bag?
what place is the red bag from?
what color door is on the bag?
is that tall building just for the tv guide company?
what is written on the fire oven?
what name is seen on the wood fired oven?
what brand of chocolate syrup is in the door?
what is behind the salad?
on the black sign what does the first word say?
what brand is shown in this picture?
what is on your table?
what is the mans shirt supporting?
is the name on the shirt a reptile?
what is the name of the company that makes the microwave?
what is the firs number on the pad?
what country is this from?
what is the monday called?
what is the temperature of this meat?
what type of transportation is that?
what does the sign mention at the top?
what does the black sign say?
what does the oven say that is three letters on its screen?
what is the store name?
what brand of mayonnaise is in the refrigerator?
what is on the white box?
what fast food place is this?
what is the sub of the day?
what channel are they watching?
what brand of tv is that?
what tv brand is it?
is any text shown on the left tv?
how old is that washer machine?
what year was this ad created?
what brand is the machine?
who is the maker of the coffee machine?
how many buttons are below the screen?
does his shirt say "human rights" on it?
what is written on the grill?
waht city is mentioned on the trash bin?
what phone number extension is written in green marker on the board?
what brand has the red advertisement?
is there a brand of soda is advertised?
what flavor are the yellow cookies?
what whirlpool is this?
what is that gray thing?
what is one of the costs for an item on the menu?
what number is the red one to the right of the green 9?
what is wanted in this store?
does this place need help?
what advice is written on the top of the coffee machine?
what can you get in this machine?
does this dog have experience with fires?
what type of dog?
what is the letter on the top of the wall?
what time is it displaying?
what number is the last one on the first row?
what number is featured in the name of the bakery?
what three repeated words are in the top right?
what is the name of the magazine?
what  number is in green on the magazine?
where will the conference take place?
what kind of room is this?
what is the last line on the blue sign on the left?
what is the name of this coffee shop?
do they offer coffee roasted for espresso?
when was the church established?
what magazine has the green and black cover?
are those cds on the black container?
what is sonom?
what is the name of the shop?
what do the two stickers in the center say?
what plaza is here?
what year is mentioned on the sign?
what is written on the cardboard sign?
what is the picture?
what is the sign telling us to choose?
what type of fish is advertised?
what variation of cake is in the red box?
what beverage company's products are sold from this vending machine?
what flavor is the coffee pod?
what does the coffee mug say?
what is the brand of this appliance?
where was this device made?
what is the name of the calculator?
what state is this made in?
what product is being advertised?
some product in the glass?
what is the name of the book on display?
what is the author's first name?
what question is the magazine asking?
what brand of milk is she buying?
what brand is this machine selling?
i wonder what is inside the box?
what are the tips for?
what brand of fridge is being advertised?
what kind of lg fridge is this?
what kind of printer is this?
what is the name of the company at the top?
what kind of school is this?
is this a kitchen?
what brand of camera is this?
what kind of beer is in the bottle?
is the waterlevel at -4?
how far is the water from level -3?
what brand of thermostat is on the wall?
what does the badge to the bottom left say?
what is the theme of the machine?
what temperature is the grill set to?
what does this machine vend?
which company made the jug?
what is the first letter on the container?
what is the name of the hotel building on the right?
what is the s word under the logo?
what does it say?
what brand is this stove?
what does the black bag say?
what does the milk carton say?
is she using whipping cream to cook with?
what kind of juice is in the bottom left carton?
what team is one of the cartons asking you to support?
what is this hotel?
what lemonade brand is at the top of the fridge?
is the bottle with yellow liquid lemonade?
what brand is this mixer?
what is the kind of coal?
what percent is advertised on small red paper?
what beer brand is advertised?
is this a super k?
how much is the largest pot?
what number is in the black circle?
what time is it according to the stove's clock?
what time is it?
what company makes this product?
what is the model name of this appliance?
what brand is that orange juice?
what does the logo say the very top left?
what is the name of this lamp?
when was this photo taken?
what year was this photo taken?
what is one of the words mentioned on one of the bottles behind the children?
/what is the name of this bar?
what is written on the clear bottles?
who makes this fridge?
which two letters are in white next to the red circle?
what brand of tea is in the fridge?
what kind of crackers are on the bottom left?
what kind of soda machine is this?
does this machine dispense fanta?
what state government are they talking about?
what company makes that coffee maker?
what is the top right button for?
what type of building is this?
ehat is this building?
what console is this event for?
how heavy is the bag?
who makes this food processor?
what does her hat say in english?
are the letters on the chef hat black?
how much liquid is in the beaker?
what brand are the batteries?
what is in the box on the bottom left?
what is the name of the sandwich on the bottom left?
what is the time?
what does the button on the left under the time say?
what brand is this appliance?
what is the title of the book immediately to the right of the appliance?
what does the boy in green's shirt say?
three boys are cooking?
what brand of washer machine is that?
what is the name of the restaurant?
who made the blender?
what company logo is on the blender?
what brand is this refrigerator?
what does the blue sign say in the right corner?
does that sign on the left say "hotdog buns?"?
what brand of drink is in the machine?
what brand of soda is this?
what is the kitchen island section called?
what is sitting to the right of the milk?
what is the brand of the appliances on the nearby table?
what brand is the mixer?
what company made these products?
what brand are these products from?
what brand is this?
is this an lg product?
what is the name of the product?
what company is advertised?
what brand of amp is this?
what is the name of the board on top?
what brand of equipment is the man using?
what is the brand of the slicer?
what is the brand of this blender?
whats the name of the blender?
what is the brand of the oven?
what is the word of warning on the blender?
what's the brand name of this espresso machine?
where do the proceeds go?
how much is it?
what time is listed on the stove clock?
where is the book mall?
what does this store sell?
what is the brand of the device on the right?
what is written on the whiteboard?
what section is this man standing in?
is that another letter under the word deli?
what are they storing under the table?
what brand is the container with the orange on top of it?
what is written on the apron?
what brand is the appliance?
what are they giving out for free here?
what is the name on the yogurt dispensing machines?
what brand of cooking oil is on the counter?
what color is the oil brand name?
what brand is the pet door?
what two letters appear in the photo?
what is the brand of this beer?
what year is the beer from?
what letter is thie?
what is the black bucket for on the shelf?
what is the name of the big white box?
what is the company name on the machine?
what kitchen brand is on the boxes?
what is the brand of kitchen appliance shown?
what brand is this machine?
what is written on the side of the pizza box?
what kind are the chips?
what brand of soymilk is on the bottom shelf?
is this from yerba mate?
what brand is the refrigerator?
what are the letters in red on the white shopping bag?
what is the brand of the stove?
what does the black sign say?
what type of solutions?
what does the bottle on the counter say?
what is in big letters on the white banner?
the sticky note says the steling do not use?
what is the liquid in the bottle?
what brand of soy sauce is this?
what's the second word on his shirt?
what is the first word on his shirt?
what did she fear?
who feared gloved hands?
what is the display say?
this is grocery or restaurant?
what word is on the green canister?
who took this photo?
which microwave is 69 dollars?
how much is the microwave?
is this refrigerator energy star certified?
what brand of television is this?
when will the hatco be back?
what type of creamer are they using?
what brand is featured?
what kind of coffee is on the right?
how does the dispenser feel if touched?
how many seconds remain on the microwave timer?
what brand of microwave is this?
what is e.entity?
what is that green tube?
what are the numbers on the yellow box?
who makes these products?
what is the bottom product?
what number is the pot set to?
what number is shown in red on the stove?
can all of the alphabet be found on the icebox?
what is the left-most red letter?
what company made the stove?
what kind of restore notice in on the bulletin board?
what word is written on the bottle on the middle right shelf of the fridge?
what is the last letter written in white on the white condiment jar?
what's the website in the upper right?
what kind of bread does she have?
what company makes this fridge?
what does it say on the phone sign?
what does the camera say above the lens?
what sort of business program does the paper say?
are those certificate's from school's on the top row?
who is this drinking fountain for?
is this a drinking fountain?
which movie is featured on the poster?
what kind of star wars movie is featured?
what are the company names at the top of the machine?
what does the red sign say?
what temperature is the oven?
what is the time on the oven?
what brand of kitchen machine is this?
what is only $11?
what does the yellow tape to the very right say on it?
what brand of microwave is this?
what kind of cookies can be seen?
what kind of juice is on the bottom right?
what is the slogan at the top?
what does the man's shirt say?
what does the first letters each spell together?
is that an hd tv?
what does the text say in the t.v.?
what is the name on this poster?
what is the company name?
what is written on the back of the shirt?
how many years is it guarantee free?
how long is the guarantee on this refrigerator?
what brand of camera is this?
does his beanie say thinsulate on it?
what brand of coffee maker is that?
what is the machine shown?
what is the brand name of the above machine?
what brand is the silver appliance?
what is the state?
what does it say we get for free?
what is the brand shown?
what soda is in this fridge?
what juice is in the fridge?
how many seconds are left on the microwave oven?
is this a grocery store?
how many ice cream sections are there here?
what brand is the mixer?
what is the name of the waterfall on the boy's shirt?
what does the yellow crate that is next to the green fridge say?
what is the food brand called?
what kind of chocolate is in the machine behind the man?
what is written on the silver part of the object?
what word do all the signs start with?
what sort of lounge?
what speed of food?
what kind of oven is being used?
what does the sign say at the very top next to the opening?
what is the brand of that stove?
what 2 letters are crossed out?
what color are the letters written in?
what is the name for the dial on the left?
what is measured with the dial in the middle?
where does the door lead?
what does the box under the window say?
what business does the speaker represent?
is the on/off switch button on the left or right side?
what is one of the options at the top of the page?
is the off button on the mixer on the left?
what is the name of the book?
what is the name of the book?
is the object in the back made by barton?
what's the number on the timer?
what number is the left dial set to?
what is the sign above the napkins for?
do they have a rewards program?
is that a star wars poster?
what blade feature does this device offer?
what was the picture about?
what word is printed on the white box above the fireplace?
what place does the paper say?
what is the name of the product in red on the top shelf?
what football team has their logo on the top?
what time is it, stated on the stove?
what is the bottom dial set to?
what is the name of this college?
what does it say in red after novo?
what does it say in white before arno?
on the carton what do you change?
what brand of coffee is in the bag?
what is the code on the locker/cupboard to the left of the image?
what kind of plates in that cabinet?
what year was the photo taken?
no ribes, no what?
what brand is this appliance?
what is the button in the middle?
what brand of fridge is that?
what is the model number of this washer?
what number is on the washer?
what does it say under the very first coffee pot?
what liquor bottle is on the fridge?
what brand of toothpaste does she use?
what zoo does the fridge magnet advertise?
what brand is this microwave?
what is the weight displayed on the scale?
what is this container designed to hold?
what does the text say on the can?
what awaits if you use the blender?
what is the brand name of the blender?
what brand is the blender?
what does the bottom setting say?
what brand is the phone that is advertised?
what does it say on the sign?
what's the name of this trade and investment company?
what is one word on the box?
what food does this place serve?
what is the name of this establishment?
what does the black sign say on the counter?
what does the yellow letters say on the box?
what sort of machine is this?
what drink is coming from the machine?
what is this machine?
what is the brand of this machine?
what is written on the door?
what flavory of charcoal?
what brand is the charcoal?
does the machine say veryfine on it?
what is the topic of the sticker on the refrigerator?
whats on the oven?
what is the beverage in the background?
what kind of beverage is sold here?
what kind of pastry is sold?
this coffee and coffee maker?
what is the number?
what is written bleow the picture of the frog?
what is the machine?
what is the kind of coffee?
are the beans from kenya?
what is one number on the scale?
what does the woman's shirt say?
does she believe in true love?
what is the make of the tv?
what is the additional cost for soy or cream?
what is the brand of beef jerky here?
what type of sports drink is in the four cases on the right?
what time does the white device read?
what numbers are on the white device?
what resurant is this?
what is the name of this canon camera?
what brand is this camera?
what's the first time on the item?
what is the button besides the 5:00 button?
which way is transfer?
what is the name of the first line on the sign?
what is the bus route number?
where is the bus going?
what's the brand name of the water bottle on the lowest shelf?
what type of peanut butter is in the top of the door?
what does it say on the top of the first panel?
what company name is on the box?
what is inside the box on the counter?
what brand of tv is this?
what is on the blue shirt?
cdc is on the shirt to the far left or right?
what brand of soda is in blue?
what brand of soda is on a sign on the wall?
what's the title of the poem?
is this a new kitchen model?
what other kind of kitchen appliance is featured?
what does the lauda say?
what brand is the machine?
what university is hosting this event?
what room is this according to the woman's utensil container?
what year was the coin produced?
what town in canada is this coin from?
what is written on this?
what is the identification number on the item?
what is the name of the mouse?
what brand is this?
is on at the top or bottom?
who manufactured the plug?
what numbers are on the right side?
what event is advertised?
what type of festival is this?
what type of roman is it?
what are they suggesting?
what does the button say on the right?
what word is written below the light switch?
is it set to on or off?
which direction is off?
what is written in the black text box?
what is the first word of the text in the blcak box?
what do the switches do?
are these switches on?
what does it say on the monitor?
patrocinado po bbva?
what brand is this?
what does it say in the top left in blue?
does this talk about elements of diffusion?
what brand is the laptop?
what kind of laptop is this?
what is the brand of the keyboard?
what do the top four keys say?
what time is displayed on the phone?
what brand of phone is this?
what number is on the lady's bag?
how much more battery does the phone have?
what kind of phone is this?
what is the brand of this phone?
what is the model of the phone?
what social media site can you export to?
is the right phone's wifi on or off?
what is the number on the top right of the second phone?
what brand is this phone?
what is the word on the largest key on the bottom row?
what is the round thing in the middle of the phone?
who creates the smartphone being held?
what time is displayed on the phone?
what is the website the phone is on?
what is kai buying?
what does the heart in his mouth say?
what time is on the phone?
what is the brand of the phone?
what kind of beer is in the bottle?
is this beer imported or not?
how many points does memphis have?
what is the score?
what on your iphone?
what type of directions to books?
what is this product?
what is the number in the stamp at the bottom right?
what brand of phone is this?
what does the key to the right say?
who made the camera?
what kind of federal document is shown?
what options is this screen ment for?
what option did this person select?
what company name is found on this phone?
what is duncan robertson about to do?
whos name is to the very bottom of the smartphone screen?
what brand is this phone?
what time is on the phone?
what type of phone is this?
what number is below the arrow?
what brand is the phone?
what kind of screen?
what brand of cell phone is this?
what is the time on the device?
what brand of phone is this?
is the time on the phone in military time?
happy birthday to who?
what type of key is to the left of the spacebar?
what brand is the smart phone?
what brand of phones and tablets are they?
what version number is the lg pad?
what brand is this appliance?
what phone brand is seen here?
what is the new dimension in?
what brand is this?
what time is it?
what time is shown on the phone?
what brand of phone is that?
the brand is sony?
what type of phone is this?
when was oliver's last message opened?
is the battery removable or non-removable?
is this battery made by ninetology?
what temperature does the phone display?
what brand of phone is shown on the left?
what's the screen that they're on?
what brand of phone is this?
what does the top of the app say?
what does the bottom text on the screen say?
what time is it on the phone?
what is the site asking us to own?
what brand of smartphone is shown?
what time is it?
who makes this phone?
what brand of phone is shown in the middle?
what year is listed?
what series is this iphone?
what is the button on the bottom right of the screen for?
what type of phone is this?
what time is it?
what is the phone brand?
what time is the meeting?
what brand is this phone from?
what is the date?
what phone brand is this?
what time is it?
what brand of phone is this?
is the phone on?
who manufactures this electronic?
can you see more social networks apps?
what does the icon with the cloud mean?
what brand is this phone?
what is the bottom right word on the phone?
what does the green button say?
what is the first word in the address bar?
is paying with google wallet quick and easy?
what letters does the 2 key correspond to?
what phone brand is this?
what brand of cell phone is this?
what is the brand of the mobile in this image?
what is the brand of the phone?
what app is in the bottom left?
is this a nokia?
what is the brand of phone?
what day was this photo taken?
what brand is the phone?
what options do i have on this phone?
what cell phone service provider does this person have?
what time does the phone show?
what is the brand of the phone?
what brand of smartphone is this?
what time does the phone say it is?
what is the first restaurant on the list?
what is the address to alden manor inn?
what brand of smartphone is this?
what time is it?
what operation system is used by this device?
what is being displayed?
who does the account belong to?
what email service is this?
what brand of phone is this?
what logo is on the bottom right?
what is the make of the phone?
what brand is this phone?
what is the time shown on the phone on the left?
is the image on the phone a prescription?
what is in the bottle?
does the phone have a facebook app?
what mail app does this phone use?
is it yes or no?
what brand of phone is seen?
what time does the cell phone say?
what day of the week is shown on the phone?
what brand of phone is this?
what website are both phones on?
who makes this phone?
how many inches is the tablet?
who is the manufacturer of this phone?
in what country was the battery made?
which phone company built the phone?
what is the brand of phone?
what does the button in the bottom left say?
what does the center button?
what app does the bottom red button bring up?
what internet browser is loaded on the phone?
what brand is this phone?
what is the first letter of the brand?
what brand of smartphone is this?
what is the url listed at the bottom?
what is this screen called?
what is the temperature displayed on the screen?
what brand of phone is this?
what brand of smartphone is this?
what is the date on this phone?
what time is displayed?
what brand phone is this?
what brand laptop is this?
what brand of phone is shown here?
is the language presented spanish?
what kind of phone is named on poster?
what sort of port is that?
what kind of phone is it?
what brand created this cell phone?
who manufactured the cell phone?
is this a good cell phone manufacturer?
what is the brand name of this phone?
what time is displayed?
what year is this presentation in?
where was this presentation held at?
what does it say on the phone?
what color is the words on the phone?
what sign is up top?
what brand of phone is this?
what type of iphone are these?
what is the brand of the electronic device?
what brand of drink can you see?
what day of the week was this photo taken?
what is the time?
what will sound?
what model name is written on the side of the box?
what cellular carrier does this phone use?
what time is on the phone?
what name is in the middle of the phone?
what time is the event?
what song is playing on the phone?
what model is the phone in the black box?
what is inside of these boxes?
what brand is this phone?
is this a phone settings?
what brand is the phone?
what kind of phone is this?
which bank did this card come from?
does this have a user guide?
what is in verba?
what is the keyboard's brand?
is there a "pagedown" key?
what time does the phone say it is?
which tab is highlighted on the bottom?
what word is in large text on the phone to the right?
what company made that?
the brand of nokia is?
what time s displayed in yellow?
what brand of smartphone is this?
what are your two choices at the bottom of the screen?
who is the maker of the phone?
what time is it, according to the phone?
what time does the watch read?
how many messages does the phone have?
what are we connecting to?
what is the website address provided?
what brand of phone is this box for?
what brand is this?
this is lg mobile?
what brand is this phone?
what time is it on this phone?
what is the date of the file?
does this support lte?
what brand of phone is the pink phone?
what brand of phone is the white phone?
who makes this phone?
who took the photo?
sok is down how much percent?
how much time is left?
what option menu is shown?
what brand is the cell in the palm area of the hand?
what word proceeds "sos"?
whose email is shown on the phone?
what month is it?
what is the button to the right of the space bar?
what brand are these phones?
what time is it?
what brand of phone is this?
what app is shown in the red box?
what is the name of the person being messaged?
what is the brand of this phone?
what brand of phone is that?
what is the quantity of unread mail messages?
what time does the phone show?
what model phone is being advertised?
what app is open on the phone?
what brand is this?
what is the time displayed on the smartphone screen?
what is the cup telling us?
what number is on the cup?
what brand of cell phone is this?
what app is on top right corner?
who is the maker of the phones?
who makes these phones?
what kind of phone is this?
what is the brand of the blue flip phone?
does asus make a reliable phone?
what type of phone is that?
what brand of phone is this?
what phone type is this?
how much does the phone weigh?
what app is on the bottom right?
what brand of phone is this?
whats the phone type?
what kind of phone is this?
what brand of phone?
is this a smart phone?
what brand is the laptop?
what is the laptop brand?
what does the zoopla app do?
what is the name of the app?
what phone company is shown?
does the phone say it's "10:30"?
what brand is this phone?
what operating system is this laptop using?
what time is it?
what word is written on the top of the phone?
what is the phone waiting for?
what does the noose card say at the bottom?
is the case closed?
what is the brand of the device?
does this have a "me" panel?
what brand of phone is this?
what phenomenon is named on the phone background?
what kind of phone is this?
what can you lookup?
what type of keyboard is this?
is this keyboard used for gaming?
what is the phone provider?
what city does the phone mention below at&t?
what is written on the top right hand corner of the page?
what kind of phone is this?
what does the time on the phone say?
what model of phone is this?
can you enter your pin here?
what kind of plane is this?
what phone company does this phone work with?
what time does the phone show?
what date is shown?
what is the last word on the screen?
what is the first line on the screen?
what brand has the most energy?
what does it say the radio generates?
what is engraved on the table?
what is this page reserved for?
what is written on the top line?
what is the name of the app?
what is the brand of tablet?
what app is on the screen?
what letter is in the green box?
does this phone have service?
what brand of phone is this?
what is the word to the right of the number 20 at the top of these bills?
what model is this phone?
what brand is the phone?
what kind of phone is this?
which network is this phone part of?
what is on the search bar at the top?
what time is shown?
isthat google map?
what cell service is being used?
what brand of palm is this?
is this a pocket pc?
how many samsung hubs are there?
what is the left app?
what company makes this printer?
is there a website to visit?
what website is mentioned?
what brand of phone is that?
what is the brand of this phone?
what company provided the speaker on this phone?
what time does the phone say?
what brand of phone is bring used?
is this the inbox or outbox shown on the screen?
what brand is this smartphone?
what does it say in the white box?
what is the carrier of the phone?
what time does the phone say?
what company makes the phone case?
what brand phone is this?
what brand are these phones?
what letters are on the 2 button?
what type of pop tart is this?
what can you get for free?
what brand is the phone in the middle?
what brand is the phone on the right?
what cellphone brand is the girl in red holding?
what country is represented on the small sign?
what brand of phone is this?
what is being searched on google?
what model of phone is being described on the right?
who makes the model of phone displayed?
what time is it?
what is the date shown?
what time is on it?
how much unread mail messages are there?
what is the name of one of the apps shown on the phone?
what date is on the phone?
what brand of cell phone is this?
what style of phone is this?
what kind of phone is that?
what language is spoken or shown on the phone?
what does the phone say?
what option is available on the side of the phone?
what happens if you press the red button?
what phone type is this?
how many mega pixels camera does this phone have?
when is the event?
what is the name of the event?
what kind of phone is this?
what does the phone screen say?
what percent of battery is left ?
how much battery is left?
what brand is this?
what model of blackberry phone is this?
what time does it read?
where does this person begin?
what is the name of the app with the giant f on its icon?
what phrase does it say on the bottom?
what is for "watches and cars"?
what is the brand of this phone?
what brand is this?
what brand of phone is shown?
what type of phone is under the case?
what is the price of the phone in the case?
what is shown here, waterlines, hydrants, or both?
what type of item has a yellow symbol?
is that  phone magazine?
what operating system does this phone use?
what brand of phone?
what logo is on the phone?
what time is seen on the phone?
what brand is this device?
how many emails does the phone on the left have?
what search engine is on the phone on the right?
who is the special guest?
what state is highlighted in the bottom phone?
which place it is?
what item is advertised in this clipping?
whats the advert about?
how many hours of video playback does the iphone have?
what model is the iphone phone?
what brand phone is that?
what edition phone is this?
what is the temperature?
what time is it?
what brand is the phone?
who makes the phone?
what is the orange app on the phone?
what website is the computer on?
what is printed on the glass?
what brand phone is shon?
what model phone is this?
who made the cell phone?
what company made this phone?
what time is on the phone?
what is the first app on the 2nd row?
who makes this phone?
what does it say under the bottom right icon?
what company is offering wi-fi?
what is the first word written in black?
what is the brand of battery?
what is the serial number of the battery?
who commented on the photo?
what brand is this phone?
what brand is this phone?
what is the app with a person on an orange icon for?
who is the carrier for the phone?
what is made every day?
what brand of phone is this?
what model of phone is this?
what brand is this phone?
what word can you make with the first three letters of the brand name?
who is the manufacturer of the device?
what is the logo on the phone?
what is the website on this cloth?
what is the letter in the middle of the case?
what kind of smartphone is this?
what is the model name of this phone?
what kind of carrousel is this?
is the search engine on the phone google or bing?
what is the name of this newspaper?
its magazine book?
is there an upside v on this?
what is printed on the label on the cover?
what is kc's last name?
is the phone and computer compatible?
what letter is on the top right?
what website is listed on the image?
what kind of cards can you put on your phone?
what is the webpage address?
what brand is the presenter?
what is picture?
what date is on the iphone?
what is the first app on the 3rd row on the iphone?
what make are the phones?
what's above the blue slider bar?
what kind of ringtone did they pick?
what app is displayed on the phone?
which htc model is more powerful?
what is the left model of phone?
what brand of phone is the right one?
what kind of phone is this?
what is the phone model?
what time is the clock showing?
what year is it?
what is the brand on the middle phone?
what brand is the cellphone?
what is the brand of this phone?
what game are they playing?
what number is written on the back of the phone near the camera?
does the camera autofocus?
what brand is this phone?
is the nokia a flip phone?
what brand is the phone?
how many gigabytes does the iphone have?
how many ratings does this item have?
how much is this app?
what brand are those phones?
are these phones full size?
who makes this phone?
what message number is this?
what kind of phones are in the boxes?
whats the number on theboxes?
what is the title on the phone screen?
what kind of cell phone is that?
what app is visible on the screen?
what kind of phone is this?
what is the apple product seen here?
what name is written at the top of the page?
what brand of device is this?
what does the right box say?
what letter is displayed in the center of the laptop screen?
what is the brand of the mobile?
what time is on the phone?
what is the time on this phone?
what day of the week was this screenshot taken?
what comes after verify?
was the result of the test passed or failed?
what brand of phone is seen here?
what brand is the cell phone on the right?
what brand is the cell phone on the left?
what brand is this phone?
what is the game on the phone called?
what is this?
what is applied?
what brand is this?
what kind of phone is this?
who makes these laptops?
which streaming app is shown?
what brand is the phone?
name this phone brand?
what brand of phone?
is top videos the first menu box?
what is the label of one of the buttons on the phone?
what is currently in progress on the phone?
what kind of phone?
what is the title on the white box on the screen?
what is the first box you can select on the wrist device in the bottom left hand corner?
is that the word power with a toilet on top of it sticker?
what is the menu button on the bottom of right screen for?
what does the top option with the orange icon say?
what type of computer is associated with the blog entry?
what is the number in the top left corner?
what page is the phone on?
what company makes this phone?
what brand is this phone?
what is the name of the app with headphones and an emojii?
what is the name of the app on the top right?
what brand manufactured this cell phone?
is this an htc phone?
what user group is this message written for?
what is the time displayed?
what time is shown on the device?
is this a smart phone?
what is one of the options seen on the phone?
is that a lenovo phone?
what is written below the dolby word on the phone?
what logo is on the phone scereen?
what is the slogan under the phone?
what are the numbers on the sticker?
is this an att credit card machine?
what time is it?
is the gps tracker on or off?
what type of series is this?
what brand of phone is this?
what is the phone number on the screen?
what kind of phone is this?
is this chinese?
what does this device say in the black part?
what kind of body is it?
who makes the leftmost device?
what brand is the laptop?
what is the hour hand pointed to?
what kind of phone is this?
what phone is this?
what does the white text say on the red background?
what is the app on the phone?
what network provider is this phone on?
what's in the bottom right of the screen?
what is the large button at the bottom of the phone?
what brand of phone is she holding?
do either of the phones have u-verse?
what is the name of the phone to the left?
what brand and model is shown?
what is the brand of this phone?
how many apps are being showcased on this page?
what is the name of they browser being shown?
what is the phone number?
what type of phones are these?
what brand of phones are these?
what does the screen say?
what does the logo on this machine say?
what number line is indicated on the amp?
what time is it?
what is the date?
what brand is this for?
what is the last feature listed?
what percent alcohol is this?
who does the sign say are naked?
what kind of phone is this?
who manufacturered this phone?
what brand is the phone on the right?
are the bottom letters on the right  htc?
which ipod is this?
is this the funnest ipod ever?
what kind of phone does it say?
what button is the last middle button?
what does the phone screen say?
what brand is this phone?
what do they love sharing?
what is this?
what kind of phone is this?
what kind of computer is this?
what does it say in the green box on the phone?
what brand is this vodka?
what kind of people are you?
what time is shown on the gps?
what time is on the phone?
what is the magazine name?
what is the twitter username on the phone?
how long does arnold have left in his meeting at the start of the conversation?
what is arnold's last name?
what is the brand of this smartphone?
what is the phone doing?
what brand is the reader?
what is the brand of smart phone?
what does it say on the top of the display?
what time is it?
what brand of phone is this?
what is the number on the left?
what is the last number?
what company made these devices?
what model of device are these?
whatr brand is th ephone?
what brand of phone is this?
is there a photos tab?
what is written under zte on the circles?
what is the brand of this phone?
what time does the phone say?
what brand of phone is this?
name this phone brand?
what type of network is shown on the smartphone screen?
what brand is this laptop?
this laptop brand is lenovo?
what green number is on the screen of that phone?
what kind of phone is the black one?
what number is on the orange sticker on the small black rectangle component?
what brand of phone is that?
what time is it?
what is the black button for?
what disease are these news alerts about?
what brand is the phone?
what is the time on the phone?
who is the text from?
what radio station is seen here?
is the radio station fm or am?
where is the call button?
what time is displayed?
what model number is this phone?
what time is shown on the clock?
what app is open?
what is the road depicted on the map?
what is free at this restaurant?
what is kfc offering for free?
what brand of phone?
what brand phone is this?
what is the date on wednesday in the planner?
what brand of phone is this?
what app is on the far bottom right?
who is receiving the text messages?
what is the time listed?
what is the name of this app?
how many miles does the phone mention?
what time is it on the left phone?
who is the artist of this album?
what is the title of the album?
what brand are these phones?
what time is it on the middle phone?
what language is that?
does the fingerprint match or not?
what carrier is the phone from?
how many megapixels are in this cellphone camera?
what day is it according to this phone?
what time does the iphone stay at the top?
what time is displayed on the cell phone?
at time is it?
is this an apple ipod?
what is the device called?
what is the name of the website?
can you login on this page?
what's the brand name of the box?
what letters are on the sticker?
what is the brand of the device?
what needs to be chosen?
what is the time on the phone?
what time does it say on the phone?
what brand is this phone?
what kind of soda is in the bottle?
what kind of chips?
which cell phone provider do they have?
what is the name of the app?
what time is shown on the phone?
is xperia a brand of sony?
what brand is the phone on the right?
what brand is the phone on the left?
what brand of phone is it?
what brand is this cell phone?
what brand is this phone?
is that an lg product?
what is the blue icon?
how much space is being taken up by the "general" category?
what number is in the messaging box?
what is the name of the app with a compass?
what is the brand of the phone?
whose name is on the contact info for the phone?
what is paul wilkinson's email address?
what brand is this phone?
what are the letters to the left of the symbols?
what brand of phone is that?
what brand is this?
what brand of beer is picture on the glass?
what is the word next to the twitter bird on the top?
what city is in the bottom left?
what city is on the bottom right of the map?
what is the text of the watermark over the phone?
what is the app called?
what model is the phone?
what brand name is on the devices?
what is the contact name on the phone?
what time is it?
what brand of phone is this?
what kind of phone is this?
what is the brand of this phone?
what sort of phone is that?
what is in the text box at the bottom of the screen?
how much does he weigh?
how many total activities have been logged?
what is the name of the city in big bold text?
is that a marvel comic ?
what volume is the ring set to?
what is the inbox tone set to?
what is the brand of gps?
what time is on the phone?
what is the @ on the post?
what word is in gray at the bottom center of the screen?
what phone type is this?
what three letters are on this card?
what does the screen display?
what time is it?
which iphone is that?
what brand is this?
chat kind of oil is on the right?
what is in the middle jar?
who is the maker of this device?
what is the name of the guy with a name tag?
what phone menu are they in?
what time is it?
what is shown on number 5?
what brand of phone is this?
what social media platform in showing up on the phone?
what time is shown on the phone?
which team won here?
what is the name of this magazine?
what is the front page headline of the magazine?
is that an lg-d958 phone?
what is the brand of this smartphone?
what brand of phone is this?
what type of network is mentioned?
what will the machine give you cash for?
what does this machine give you for iphones?
what are the days this workshop is being hosted?
who is this supported by?
what time is it?
what brand of phone is this?
what color is the text of the logo?
what time is on the phone?
who message it is?
what is the name of the city on the weather app?
what is the number displayed on the top left corner?
what type of material is the case made of?
what brand of portable battery is this?
which power plus version is this?
what is the name of this phone?
what is the title of the page on the top right?
what brand of phone is this?
who is the service provider?
what search engine is visible at the top of this phone's display?
does the phone has google chrome?
what type of phone is this?
what brand is this sd card?
how many gb is this microsd card?
to whom is this device property of?
is this for sale or for lease?
send a chat what?
what type of message can you send?
how many pieces of mail are on the phone?
what app is on the bottom right?
what brand of phone is this?
what is the first letter of the brand of the phone?
what is the brand of this phone?
in what country was this phone made in?
what is the brand of the cell phone?
who said "i never miss a good chance to shut up"?
what phone is displayed?
introducing what kind of phone?
what brand is the charging outlet?
what does the phone say on the top?
what brand of phone is that?
what is counted?
who is the manufacturer of the phone?
what brand is the phone?
what time is it?
what's the date?
what is the brand of the phone?
is the area this sign refers to a reserved area?
what word is displayed to the right of the man's fist?
what brand is the large gray phone?
what number is shown on the smaller phone?
what time is it?
what is the date?
what time is it?
is this an ad for a movie?
what time does spring holidays release?
what brand is this phone?
what kind of ebook is that?
what is the title of 6.4?
what is the first letter on the keyboard?
what brand is it?
what is the name of the equipment shown?
what is the name of the camera printed on its front?
what is under the green icon?
what is under the camera icon?
what kind of smartphone is this?
who owns this bb phone?
what is the card number?
what brand of graphing calculator is this?
what kind of test does it say on the screen of the left calculator?
what is the brand of the phone?
what is the brand?
what is steve jobs talking about?
what is the brand of this device?
what is the app being used on the phone?
what is the name of the phone?
who is the author of the book?
what brand is the phone?
what three letter word is displayed underneath otter?
what brand is on the box?
what phone brand is this?
is she graduating from high school or college?
which university it this at?
what is the first word on the phone screen?
what app is displayed?
what is the button in the middle on the bottom?
what kind of phone is this?
what program is on the tablet?
what radio station is playing?
what day is it?
what time does the phone say?
who is the compay of the phone?
can you name the cellphone brand?
what phone brand is this?
does this phone have a media center?
the text is small, what is this device trying to tell me?
what does the text say that was sent?
is this how to get an address from google maps?
what should you touch?
what brand of phone is this?
what is the writing at the top?
does that look like a cingular 8125 phone?
what is the bottom left app?
what is the word at the top of the screen?
what brand of phone is this?
is this a htc phone?
what brand is the phone?
is this phone from china mobile?
where are the large cheese wheels on the right made?
who makes the orange cheese on the left?
what type of phone is mentioned on these books?
what is the brand of phone?
what are they listening to?
what time is it on the phone?
what letter is at the top of the keyboard?
what brand is it?
what gaming consoles is featured here?
who is this person messaging?
what time is it?
what is the person reading?
what is the option on the bottom left of the phone screen?
what carrier is this iphone with in the top left corner?
what app is open on the phone?
how do you dismiss a notification?
swipe to what?
what brand phone is this?
what is in the pink box?
what company makes the product in the box to the right?
what time does this phone state?
what us the number displayed on the screen?
what is finca now friendly with?
what is free?
what brand of phone is this?
how cold is it?
determine the number of people in the chanel?
what program is shown on the screen?
what brand of alcohol is this?
what brand of phone is on the left?
what is the three letter brand on the device on the right?
what three letter word is to the right of the pen?
what numbers are on the left of the pencil?
how many messages are on the phone?
what brand is this phone?
what is the release date?
what is new about this?
is this case made by acer?
what's in this case?
who makes this?
what is the name in the logo on the bottom of the phone?
what brand of laptop is that?
what letters are written on both phones?
what is the button with the power say on it?
what brand is the larger phone?
what time is it?
what is the model of the phone?
what brand is the phone?
what game is on the phone?
what kind of phone is this?
what time does the phone say?
is that a calculator?
what label does the purple icon in the upper right have?
is this phone a samsung?
what time is it?
what is not recognized?
what phone brand is this?
what number is located at the very bottom?
what time is shown on the phone?
what is the name of the app?
what brand is advertised in this picture?
what city map is that?
what time is on the phone?
what type of tablet is this?
what does the booklet at the top right say?
what brand phone is this?
what word is written in blue on the small device?
what brand of phone is this?
what time does the phone read?
what year did they win the gold?
what brand of phone?
what does their wrist band say?
what is the brand of the phone?
what website is at the bottom right?
what time is it?
what is the date?
what is the make of this phone?
what is the option in the botton right of the screen?
is the clock time visible?
what brand of phone is shown?
what type of battery does the phone have?
what percentage of the battery is left?
is this tablet connected to wifi?
are they in photomode?
is hdr on?
what's the name of the song?
what type of service does this person use?
what brand is the phone?
what time is it on the phone?
what brand of phone is shown?
what is the name of the category in the super green list?
what type of list is this?
what brands are these phones?
what is the brand of phone on the right?
what size usb port?
what kind of computer is this?
what is the name on the bottom of the monitor?
what is the the button say in the middle?
what is the brand of the phone?
what time is on the phone?
to what country is this letter addressed?
what is the postal code shown?
is this a creative agency?
how many grams of fett are listed?
what search engine is on the sign?
how many phones does the mobile movies app work on?
what does the last bullet point say?
swipe screen to do what?
what company manufactured the phone?
what kind of phone is this?
which model of galaxy is this?
who wrote that book?
what is the name of this app?
what is the name of this screen protector?
how many steps are listed on the packaging?
what brand phone is this?
what time is shown here?
what brand of mp3 player is shown?
what company is the brand of this mp3 player?
what is the name on this device?
what brand of phone is this?
what brand is the phone stand in the box?
the child welfare case concerns what ethnic group of people?
how long ago were these messages sent?
what brand of beer?
what is the first letter of the name of the beer?
what number is shown?
what is in progress?
is the phone a nokia?
what brand of phone is this?
what time does the phone say it is?
what time is it?
who's profile is this?
what brand is the black phone?
who manufactured the battery?
is this an lg phone?
what is the bottom green button labeled?
what time is it on the phone?
what date was this taken on?
what time is this video paused at?
what is on the bottom left?
what brand of phone is this?
what is the webpage printed in the lower right corner?
what is the title of this playlist?
whats the name of the first song on the playlist?
what version of the app is this?
what is the high tempature in montpellier?
what is the degrees on the phone?
what is the brand of the phone?
what model name is written on the bottom of all 3 phones?
how much time is left on the timer?
this is mobile phone?
what time is displayed on the phone?
what type of code does the phone say to enter?
what is the name of the person in the message?
what time is it?
what kind of cell phone is that?
what is one of the apps here for?
what can be done?
what brand is this phone?
what is the brand of the cell phone?
what is the main headline on this newspaper?
what is the story title on the very bottom left of the newspaper?
what brand is this phone?
what kind of phones are these?
what is the name of the app that is open?
what is the brand of this phone?
what does the cd say?
what manufacturer is shown here?
is this an acer device?
how many seconds has it been tracking for?
what is this person's heartrate?
what number is displayed on the phone?
is the phone a nexus?
what brand is this phone?
which company made this phone?
what details are on the screen?
what is the brand name of this phone?
what is the top option on the display?
is this a nokia phone?
does this phone have a music player?
what kind of phone are these?
what are the phone's capacity?
what is the top left app called?
who made this phone?
what is this screen showing?
what brand of phone is this?
what company logo is printed on the phone?
what phone brand is on the back cover at the bottom?
what brand is that phone?
do you touch or swipe to control volume?
controlling your what?
what app is in focus?
what is the app that is in focus?
what day is it?
what is the temperature?
what brand of tablet is this?
who's the man displayed in the screen?
what time is displayed on the screen?
where does jim work?
what is this man's name, according to his id?
what is the arrow pointing at?
what kind of sensor?
what brand of phone is on the box?
what model of brand phone is shown?
what is the name of the first app in the top left?
is the lg phone thin?
is km570 the model number of that lg phone?
what's the brand name on the phone?
what might the ipod contain?
which phone brand is this?
this mobile windows accsed?
how long ago was this photo posted?
what is the posters username?
what website company is in the background?
the company is twitter?
what time does the clock read?
who is the phone carrier?
what brand is this phone?
what statement is written at the bottom of the phone?
what was she about to explore?
what is the title of this text?
what brand of phone?
what musical artist is featured on the yellow phone?
what kind of center is this?
what year is presented on the powerpoint?
what cigarettes are on the table?
what brand are the cigarettes?
what brand of phone is this?
what letters are next to the number 3?
what kind of phone is this?
how much is the middle phone?
what brand phone is this?
what is the brand of this phone?
brand of this phone is lg?
what kind of updates?
what number is before the plus sign on this item?
what brand is this phone?
what is this dvd's name?
if this is dvd player?
what is the code displayed?
what is the type of code?
what is the brand of this phone?
what search engine is this person using?
what brand is the phone?
what is this?
what type of smart phone is this?
what model phone is shown?
what number is mentioned above the phone?
how many digits does the code have?
what mobile network supports this phone?
what is the brand name of the phone?
what time is on the phone?
what company made the phone?
what type of phone is that?
what does the blue label on the right phone say?
what is the brand that made these phones?
which app is represented by the letter "f"?
are they on the brick palette screen?
what is the word at the top of all the icons?
what website is that?
what is the name of the first app on the top right?
what is the time on this phone?
what network is the phone displaying the image on?
what is the average pace?
what is the current pace shown?
what brand are these devices?
what time is it on the cell phone on the right?
what model of phone is this?
what brand of phone is this?
what time does the phone show?
what is the big button at the bottom?
what brand phone is this?
what is the brand of the white phone?
whats the name on the phone?
what website is featured on the strap?
what brand is the tripod?
what is the name of this cafe?
what is the icon on the bottom right on the phone on the right?
how many new emails does this person have?
what is the brand of phone?
who makes the bolt?
what carrier is the phone from?
what is the distance?
what brand of phone?
what day does the phone show?
who is this qr code from?
what kind of phone is it?
what does the red app on the bottom do?
what brand is this calculator?
what time is displayed on the device?
what brand of computer is this?
is this phone information?
what brand of phone is this?
is this booklet about an iphone?
what model is this iphone?
what brand of phone is this?
what service is this phone used on?
is this an apple iphone?
what brand of phones are these?
what is written on this phone?
what is the brand of the phone?
what time is displayed on the phone?
what is the website?
what is the web-site address?
what percentage battery life is left on the phone?
what time is it on the phone?
what recently began and prompted cheers and tears?
what brand is featured on the phone?
what is the brand's tag line?
what brand is the phone?
what is incomplete?
what needs to be read today?
what brand of phone is this?
what two letters are on the back of the phone?
what brand of phone is this?
can this phone be unlocked from at&t?
what does the the middle widget say?
what brand is this device?
what brand is the phone?
what brand is the cell phone?
what app are they using?
what magazine is listed first at the bottom?
what is the word in blue?
what is written on the bottom left?
what application is featured on the left poster?
brand name of this phone?
what letters are represented by the number 2?
what model of iphone is in the big black box?
what is noted as a shuffle?
what is the brand of this device?
what are the words displayed at the bottom of the screen?
which company is this phone made by?
what model of phone is this?
what is the last key on the top right?
what application has an envelope icon?
what button is in the top right?
what brand is this phone?
what are the numbers on the bottom right?
what time is shown on the phone?
what letters correspond with pressing the 5 key?
what is being sync?
what is the time displayed?
what date was the text message sent?
what brand is the phone?
what company is this by?
what is the game that is included?
what operating system is this app for?
what is the name of the item in the box?
is this person getting drunk and drunk dialing?
what brand is the butcher block?
who makes this phone?
what drink brand is this?
what essential chemical does the juice contain?
what is the brand of this device?
what letter is written inside the yellow circle?
what brand of phone is that?
which app is this person using?
where is the 48 bar?
how many check-ins to be the mayor of the lion king?
what operating system is on this phone?
what kind of technology does this phone feature?
what time is on the screen?
what is the type or model of the laptop?
what brand is the blue object?
what's the message subject?
what is the brand of this phone?
what is the last word in the text?
what number is displayed in the answer box on the phone?
what kind of app is being displayed?
what is displayed in the top center?
what brand of phone is this?
which library is this?
what is on the phone?
what does the phone say?
what is this brand of phone?
what numbers are on this flip phone?
is the phone in english?
what's the name of the bodyguard?
what time is displayed?
what's the top phone number?
what company made this mouse?
is this an hp mouse?
who is the manufacturer of these phones?
samsung is good company mobile?
what time is on the phone?
what time is it on the phone?
what station does the blue mic belong to?
what is the first number shown on the keypad?
what is the temperature in annapolis?
is it sunny or cloudy in madison?
what brand is the battery?
is this a samsung battery?
what kind of phone is this?
what game is on the screen?
how much is the first deposit bonus?
what is the name of the app?
what is the name of this app?
what time is on the screen?
what day of the week is shown on the phone?
what kind of phone is in the packaging?
what model iphone is in the box?
how many capital letters can you clearly see?
in what year was this text written?
what is one of the options at the bottom of the phone?
what is the battery percentage of the phone?
is that google play apps?
what is the app at the bottom called?
is every wifi spots are free from password?
what brand of cell phone is this?
which company made the cell phone?
what are notifications set to?
do they have an aim app?
who should be called?
what number do you see?
what search engine was written on the paper?
what time does the clock say?
what brand is the laptop?
which model is being advertised?
what time is on the phone?
what letter is on the back of this phone?
what brand is the device?
what time is it?
what is being advertised?
what month does the calendar display?
what brand of phone is this?
what kind of phone is listed?
what type of phones are these?
who is the quote at the top left by?
what type of phone is this?
what option setting is currently highlighted on the screen?
what kind of error is displayed?
what kind of call is available?
what brand of phone is this?
what operating system is shown here?
what network is this person on?
what does the hashtag say?
it says #sinaps2015?
what brand of phone is this?
what is displayed on the screen?
what brand is this phone?
is this a samsung phone protector?
who is sponsoring this event?
what model are the phones?
how much is this phone?
what product is being advertised?
what time is shown on this watch?
what mode is this in?
what brand of battery is used for this phone?
what is the website on the bettery?
what is the time displayed on the device to the right?
is this device 4g compatible?
what kind of warranty condition is the top left booklet about?
what brand is this phone?
what brand of phone is this?
what brand is the cell phone?
how much is the phone?
what i the app page?
what is the app on the bottom of the creen?
what is the first movie on the list?
what brand of phone is this?
what letters are directly under the numbers 1-5?
what brand cell phone is that?
what brand is the phone?
is the time on the phone in the morning?
what is this a map of?
what time is it?
what day does the left device say?
what is the time shown?
what brand phone?
which of these is a nokia?
what type of radio?
what time is at the top of the phone?
what time is displayed?
what time is displayed on this screenshot?
what category is checked?
what time is shown here?
what is the name of the app running?
what time is it on the phone?
what brand is this phone?
what is the brand of phone?
what kind of cell phone is on the right?
what brand is this electronic equipment?
this brand is power bank in electronic equipment?
what kind of phone is the phone on the far right?
what brand are the two phones on the left?
what make is this phone?
what is the time shown on the phone?
who sent the email?
who makes this phone?
samsung 11:19 tue, december 30 tap here to add a city?
what is the company name that makes this product?
what model of phone is this?
what is the first option on the phone's menu?
what website is this phone on?
what is the time on the phone?
how long is seek back by set to?
how long is seek forward by set to?
what is the product name?
is gaurav's blog about only math education?
is it 1990's image?
what brand of smartphone is this?
what time is on the phone?
what is the top right app?
what telephone network provider does this mobile phone use?
what time is it on the phone?
what country is this beer brewed in?
which season is the beer for?
what brand is the beverage?
what two words are on his cup?
which letters are intersected by the diagonal line?
what coffee company is on the back of the cell phone?
what payment method is checked?
what's the word on the glass starting with p?
what is the brand of this beer?
what store uses this mug?
coffee tea and what?
which american city does the mug come from?
what does the mug say?
what is the name of this beer?
what letters are seen?
what city is on the cup?
what town is named?
what type of beverage was this mug made to hold?
what soft drink competes here with pepsi?
what brand is the blue can?
what store is the mug from?
what are the large words displayed?
what initials are present?
what is the p word on the cup?
what comes first?
when should safety come?
whose mug is the green mug for?
is joshua's mug the left one?
who has a 1,000,000 fans and growing?
where is this pizza hut?
what is the brand of the cigarettes?
who wrote the book?
what letter is on the mug?
what is in the bottle?
is this the world's best ale?
what does the quote say?
is this digitized?
what city is on the mug?
is that the word mexico under the word cancun?
what is the brand on the mug?
what is the first letter on the mug?
what does it say above the pen?
what does it say on the mug?
what does the cup say?
what is the surname of the coat of arms on the mug?
what letter is on the mug at the bottom left?
what letter does the mug on the bottom left have on it?
what is written under bold?
what is the date on the cup?
where is this coffee from?
what is mr. disney's first name?
what company logo is being mentioned on the coffee mug?
what color is cited on the mug?
isthat a payment receipt?
name this cafe?
what does the mug say?
what shouldn't you mess with?
what is the quote on this mug?
what does this picture imply they like?
what does the sign say he can't do?
what brand of sweetener did they use?
what grade was the half & half?
who is going to change the world?
change the what?
what does the coffee mug say the person is trying to be today?
what is the bottom word on the mug?
who's mug is it?
what brand is on the mug?
what is the temperature?
what word is printed on this mug?
which country is on the mug?
what postal service is this for?
what kind of moment?
what english word is written on the red book?
what kind of novel is this?
where is this cup from?
what city is disneyland in?
what is the year in the photo?
what is the quote on the mug?
what color is the quote on the mug?
what does the one mug tell you to cherish?
what word is written in the middle of the second cup from the right?
what does this company make?
what is the name of the company?
what brand is written on this mug?
what type of beverage is this?
what is on this mug?
what month is mentioned on the mug?
what animal is referenced on the cup?
what kind of beverage is advertised on the mug?
what computer brand is the left mug?
what city does this person love?
what candy is mentioned on the cup?
what coffee company is the mug from?
what is the name of the sweet shop on the red cup?
what is the website on the cup?
what does the mug say?
where is the mug from?
what does starbucks sell?
which call of duty is this on the mug?
what type of warfare is mentioned on the cup?
what model of helicopter is depicted on the mug?
what is the word under the star?
what does the keychain say?
what company's logo is on the white mug?
what type of coffee is this?
what is the website for this company?
what does it say above the blue cartoon?
what does  the face of the character  signify?
what word are you putting back into dysfunctional?
what are they putting fun back in?
what does the cup on the left say?
what do the two cups say when put together?
what organization is shown on this mug?
what number is on the black mug?
what meal is this mug promoting?
what is the name of the company logo located on the coffee mug?
what type of beverage does this cafe serve?
what is the name on the mug?
what can't some people live without?
what does the mug say?
what is the brand of the cup?
what is written in red in the middle of the mug?
what brand is this coffee?
who does the coffee cup say is loved?
whose mom do i love?
is the html mug from a programming company?
what number is on the mug?
what book is the man reading on the mug?
who's name is on the cup?
what kind of talk is on this cup?
what radio show is written on the mug?
what is written on the coffee cup?
what year is written on the bottom of the coffee cup?
which version of html is the mug featuring?
what is the first letter written in black?
what is written on the blue/white mug?
what colors are the mugs?
what should you leverage?
what should you do?
what brings relief when you're feeling down?
what do hot liquids do?
which city is shown on the mug?
what coffee company is written on the mug?
who's coffee cup is it?
what does the black text near the camera say?
what does the cup on the right say?
the mug on the left says powered by what?
where was this cup purchased?
what type of establishment is advertised on the mug?
where is the mug from?
what does the company sell?
what brand of mug?
what brand is the drink?
what us city is mentioned on the coffee mug?
what coffee company is on the mug?
what does it say on the mug?
what company name is on this mug?
what does wl stand for?
what is the word under the two letters wl?
what does this shop sell?
what is the name of this place?
what is on the right ad?
what brand are the monitors at this workspace?
what type of pc are they using?
what word is spelled in orange on the wall with sticky notes?
what words are spelled out in post it notes towards the front?
what university is on the poster?
what does the screen say?
what does the clip art image say on the banner?
what sign is on the door?
what number is written on the glass door?
what country is shown on the lower right corner placard?
what type of council is this?
what is the man's name who is sitting in the middle?
what does his shirt say on the back?
what location is written on the pink poster?
what does the board at the front of the room say?
what number can be seen on one of the monitors?
what corporation does this office belong to?
what letter is on the small pink and white sign on the shelf?
what is the brand of the computer monitor?
what brand is the computer monitor?
what type of pc is he using?
who made the center computer monitor?
what is the word in red?
what letter is large and white?
what brand of computer are they using?
what brand is the laptop?
what company makes these laptops?
what kind of tourism are they talking about?
what is the title of the book on the man's desk?
what are the numbers on the right corner of the table?
what is the name of the company?
is the girl a senior?
what is the name of the company?
what word is on the shelf to the left?
what number is written on the top box?
what video game is shown on the poster?
what s the first letter of the title of the poster on the left?
what is the date of the workshop?
what is the branch of the military displayed?
what is the name on the desk?
what is written above the name on the desk?
in office meeting is going?
what university is this?
what is written on the green box?
whats the brand of the headset?
who does this cubicle belong too?
what website can be seen on the laptop?
what can you thrown in the trash bin along the back wall?
what kind of center is this?
is the learning here independent or dependent?
what brand of tissue is on the table?
what word is on the foreground box?
what is the heading of the presentation?
are they going to talk about building capacity?
when did last.fm begin offering apis?
what is the title of the slide?
what name is shown starting with the letter g?
what is the first name of mr. mcginnis?
what is the name of this company?
what is the book called?
who wrote the book on screen?
is that a bag of popcorn?
what letters are on the tan banner?
who is conducting this training session?
what is the training session about?
what does the logo on the shirt say?
what first word on the top left corner?
what email is writteno n the board?
what subject is being taught?
what is today's date in this photo?
what is the last word on the board?
what is the title of the presentation?
what szenario is relaying?
what's the sign say?
what color is that font written in?
what brand is the computer?
what is written on the key on the top left of the keyboard?
who is invent by the machine?
what brand of calculator is this?
what button is on the bottom left?
what type of calculator is this?
what's the model name of this calculator?
what brand of type writer is this?
what number follows sc?
what identification number is on the box?
what text is shown in the box stamped on the wood?
what is printed on the spacebar?
what is on the upper left brown key?
what is this brand of computer?
computer brand apple, hp?
what is the brand of the keyboards?
what is the area code for al dept if insurance?
what does it say on the top of the mini computer?
what is the brand of the computer?
what is the word underlined in blue on the left?
what is the writing  on?
what brand or model typewriter is this?
what is the letter to the right of q?
how many years ago was it?
what brand of device is this?
what city is the typewriter company in?
what company is this advertising?
what color is the text on the black shirt?
what band is on the guy's t-shirt all the way to the right?
which brand are the crayons?
what brand name are these coloring apparatuses?
when was this computer released?
what brand of calculator is this?
what brand is this typewriter?
which model is the royal typewritter?
what brand is this computer?
what does the pencap say?
what brand is this keyboard?
what is written in parenthesis?
what does her shirt say?
what class in shown on the ladies shirt?
what brand is the calculator?
what car brand is this?
what is toyota now on?
what is the computer name?
is there a "field release" button?
what company made the type writer?
what is the name of this electronic device?
what key is above the "g" key?
is the calculator switched to business or tax mode?
what brand of calculator is pictured?
what model of typewriter is this?
what's the key to the very top left?
is this about chemistry?
what number is this box?
what's the name on the typewriter?
what is the hypothesis of the lesson?
what is the brand name of this gadge that is in the hinge?
what does the paper say?
what brand of typewriter is this?
what is the brand?
what brand of graphing calculator?
what color are the numbered buttons?
what cereal is shown?
what is the word in purple capital letters?
what company made this typewriter?
what does the top of the chalkboard say?
what brand of scope is that?
what type of computer does this person use?
what is this man taking a picture of?
what is the title of the map?
what letter is to the left of z?
what internet search engine in written on the book?
the google het verhall is amazon brand?
what goes in the first white box?
what goes in the second white box?
does the typewriter have lettering in the same way a computer keyboard does?
what brand is this device?
is there a fraction on one of the keys?
what is the name of the computer?
what type of typewriter is this?
how much is this?
what is the name of this book?
who wrote this book?
what brand is on the cable box?
what letter can be seen on the green t-shirt?
what price is listed on the sign?
what number is on the black box below the keyboard?
what brand is this?
which company made this machine?
what is the function of the red button on the right?
what is one of the numbers on this typewriter?
what is the first letter in the bottom row of keys?
what is the word under the child's arm?
what is the first letter you can see written under the word "all"?
what brand is this typewriter?
what is the key on the top left corner?
what is the green number in the right corner?
what is the soup of the day?
what month is shown on the typewriter page?
what year is written in red?
is this a computer?
what is inside the boxes?
what is the name on the box?
does this keyboard have a ctrl button?
does the keyboard have a q button?
what kind of machine does the button refer too?
what color are the letters on the button?
what is the brand of these pencil crayons?
who is the maker of this calculator?
what word is in blue on the bottom left button?
is this a qwerty keyboard?
what does the board say?
what side is up?
what are the red letters?
what company made this typewriter?
who made the printer?
what is the number located on the calculators screen?
what brand is the calculator?
what are the last 2 letters on the chalk board?
what letters/numbers are in parentheses before the last two letters on the chalk board?
what is one of the letters on this device?
what is the last word?
what type of card is this?
what is the dr's name?
what type of pain is the pink paint on the right?
is there a glue stick among the art supplies?
what's the year printed on this?
what kind of machine is this?
what year are these tax forms?
what is the first date?
is this a qwerty keyboard?
what letters are on the bottom row of the keyboard?
this is the political what?
what is the farthest right leaning person on this political spectrum?
is there a "b" key on this?
is the number on the calculator also a name if inverted and mirrored?
what numbers are being spelled out in the center of the image?
is this a webster typewriter?
is this a qwerty keyboard?
what is the brand of typewriter?
what type of typewriter is this?
junior typewriter co?
what does the piece of paper say?
what brand of typewriter is this?
what number is on the typewriter?
what is the maker of the typewriter?
what is the brand of that type writer?
what game are they playing?
what is the brand name of the typewriter?
what is one of the questions asked on the board?
what rirection is it moving on the bottom right?
what event is being shown?
what brand of monitor do they have?
what type of typewriter is this?
is there a q on the keys?
what amount is on the bottom of the stack of bills?
are these us dollars?
what brand of typewriter is this?
which key is also the home key?
what letter is to the left of b?
what is the website shown on the machine?
what brand is this?
what is the first number on the top white colored keys?
what is this brand of typewriter?
what is the top right key?
what number is the last key on the top row?
what it is keyboard?
who is the maker of this typewriter?
what are the letters in the bottom row?
what is the make of this typewriter?
what model is this typewriter?
what brand is this typewriter?
what's the number on the keyboard?
what brand of machine is this, stated below the green light?
what is the value of the bill below the calculator?
what type of laptop is that?
is this a flow chart?
what is the name of this project?
this is creative what?
what webpage browser is being used?
whats the letter next to the m?
what type of calculator is that?
does the calculator have a 0 button?
who is hosting?
what types of ways are being used to get women involved?
what number is the page?
what company is this made by?
what is the name of the fireworks?
how many inches long is this ruler?
this a typing machine?
what brand is the keyboard?
what is one of the letters on the keyboard?
what letter is in the white circle on the box?
is there a "c" key?
what name comes after marca?
what company made that machine?
what is the value on the long thin button at the bottom?
what does the bottom right button do?
what type of typewriter is this?
what model of typewriter is this?
what brand of typewriter is this?
what is the label for the button on the bottom left?
what data system is mentioned on the computer?
what is the brand of the pocket guide?
which key is stuck?
what is the name of this typewriter?
what number key is missing?
what is the name of this typewriter?
where is the "c" key located?
what number is the pencil?
what initials are written on this pencil?
what's on the white mug?
what brand is the computer?
is this a calculus text book?
what number is shown on the middle calculator?
what is the name of the watch?
what brand of typewriter is on the right?
what brand of type writer is this?
what is written on the arm of the typewritter?
little card and big what?
what number is the dollar sign?
what state was this type writer made?
what is the bottom left key on the type writer?
what is the brand name of the typewriter?
what letters and numbers are written on the spine of the cd on top of the pile?
what year is on the form?
what country is on the form?
what is listed before rom?
is that a q keyboard?
what type of computer is this?
what is the model of the keyboard?
what model is this?
what text is on the blue book?
what word is on the far left lollipop?
what does this mac have built in?
what brand is this computer?
which number is on the lowest left corner?
what is the first blue button?
what does the largest button say?
what letter is between x and v?
what total is on the calculator?
what year is this tax return from?
name of this typewriter?
what letters are on the bottom row?
what company made this typewriter?
what is being advertised?
what is the brand of this carton?
what do the biggest letters say?
what does n equal to?
what word is in the top right corner of the board?
what brand of cpu is the green light on?
what phone number is written on the board?
what is the brand of the electronic device in the box?
is this a sharp flat screen tv?
who signed this letter?
what is the first word in the letter?
what is the brand of this calculator?
what kind of pencil is it?
what year is the publication?
what brand of computer is this?
we;ve never been more what?
what is the bottom left key?
what does it say is inside?
what is the top red sign?
what brand are these?
what number is upside?
what numbers are showing on the keyboard?
what is the bottom key on the left?
what is the first letter on the keyboard?
what is the letter on the bottom left most key?
what does the slogan read on the screen?
what does the slide say?
what is this a machine for?
what big single letter is on this machine?
what number is displayed in large font on both of these meters?
what is written below number 1?
what numbers are on these meters?
how many exclamation points are on the sticker?
how much time is left on the meter on the right?
what type of coins do the meters take?
is there any time left on the meter?
what does the sticker above the coin slot say?
what 8 digit number is displayed on this meter?
what kind of coin do you insert?
what is the license plate number on the blue vehicle?
how long can you use this meter?
what letters come before 78?
what does it say in the red zone on the parking meter?
what is that which is expired?
what are the hours of operation?
how to request service?
does this meter send proceeds to the homeless?
which company manufactured this meter?
how much time remains on this meter?
what is the meter number?
what is the parking limit here?
what is not working?
should we use the meter on the left or right?
what are the hours of operation?
what word can be seen on the toll?
how much time left on the meter?
what number is displayed over there?
how many hours parking does the meter allow?
what is the time limit?
what is the maximum time limit?
why is the parking meter out of order?
what number do you call for meter problems?
what remains as a courtesy of cyclists?
what is the max time before meter expires?
what does the letters on top say'?
what's the number in yellow?
does the meter read pass or fail?
is the parking meter expired on the left or right?
what is written in red?
is the meter expired?
what is the time limit on the meter?
is there a 2 on there because there are two terminals?
what number is on these terminals?
what modes of payment are acceptable in the parking machine?
what is the number at the bottom of the meter?
what is written on the meter?
how long can we park at this meter?
how much does it cost to park for 2 hours?
what is accepted?
should you use valid or invalid coins?
what's written on the blue part of the parking meter?
what number is on right meter?
what is on the meter?
what is the maximum parking time?
can you park for 4 hours?
what does it say in the red box?
what is the letter and numbering of this parking meter?
did they use the whole 2 hours?
what kind of coins does this take?
what does the left meter say?
what number parking meter is this?
what can you buy at the website listed on the blue label?
how high does the meter go to?
what name is on the red tab?
what code is below the 10 on the left-most meter?
what number is on the meters?
how many instructions?
what is the time left on the leftmost meter?
what does the paper warn us of?
what are the hours?
what is the meter number below 444?
how many number 1's are in this picture?
does this machine take visa?
is it broken?
what is this a picture of?
what is wrong?
how much time is left on the meter?
what does the blue label say?
how many hours is the maximum stay?
how many coins does it say to enter at a time?
what did someone write on one of the parking meters?
how long can this meter be used?
what type of machine is this?
what is the time limit?
how many hours of parking is the meter for?
what type of meter is displayed?
how many hours is the parking meter for?
how long can you park?
what is the name of the newspaper?
what newspaper is the vending machine for?
for how many consecutive hours is parking permitted?
what does the red button do?
what does the green light indicate?
first 10 minutes are what?
what minutes is free?
what is the brand of the wine?
where what this drink made?
what is the name of the bakery?
what are the store hours on sunday?
what country is this wine from?
first word on top?
what kind of alcohol is in the clear bottle?
what is the brand of the right bottle?
what is the brand of this toiletry ?
what version of castelbel perfume is this?
what is the title of this musical album?
what is the volume of this nail polish bottle?
what brand is the nail polish?
what is the brand of the whisky bottle?
which state is the alcohol made in?
what stout is that?
what brand is the oyster stout?
what brand is this?
what are the four letters shown on this coffee brewer?
what is this product?
what is the brand name?
what is the brand of the phone?
what city is in the globe?
what city is inside the snow globe?
what does the box tell us at the top right corner?
what is the last word in green on the bottom?
what store is this?
what is the name of the store logo on the blue brick?
what is the name written on the white display case?
what is the brand of the green bottle?
what brand are the styling products behind him?
what year is printed on the wine label?
what companies sponsored this event?
which vinery made this wine?
what does the orange poster say?
what word is on the white card in the front?
can yu tell me the name of this oil?
what type of precious oil is this?
what is the bottom right dessert called?
what brand mouthwash is that?
what mouthwash brand is that?
what brand is the mouthwash?
what flavor is the mouthwash?
what year was this wine made?
what is are the words in black text on the gold nail polish?
what is the year of the pinot grigio?
what kind of watch on it?
what is the brand in the bottom left?
what brand is the bottle on the bottom in the center?
what year is on the red book on the right?
what is the range of the dewy decimals?
what is this brand of cream called?
what is the number?
what was a key ingredient in the fermentation process of this lager?
when was this brand established?
what brand is shown on this box?
what brand name is on the label of the water bottle?
what is the number on the top left of the label?
what type of lemon does it say it is?
what is the big bottle 100% free of?
what word is on the jack-o-lantern?
what creamery is shown on the sign on the table?
what kind of jewelry is this?
what brand of camera?
what is the model of this camera?
what brand of liquor is in the clear bottle in front with the white label?
what brand are these drinks as shown on the top of the shield?
the brand is nice?
name of this polish?
what does it say in the middle of the black circle?
what is the name of the jewelry store?
how much are all handbags?
what is the brand of thermos?
what type of dry does this product have?
what is the word on the top?
what company makes the clear plastic container on the bottom right?
what item did this preketes box caries ?
how much does the bow weight?
what number is on this card?
what number is on the shown card?
what time is being displayed?
is this an htc phone?
what kind of phone is this?
what is this book called?
what does this book help you understand?
what kind if pen is this?
what is the name of this item?
what brand is this nail polish?
what letter makes up the icon on the bottle?
what brand is this?
what is the year listed on this trophy?
who was this trophy awarded to?
what brand is this?
what is the title of the book?
what type of water is that?
whose brand is featured?
are these by monica?
who sis these nails?
what common designer brand is pictured here?
who owns this photo?
what brand is shown for this product?
what can you defy according to this ad?
what is the name of this winery?
what kind of wine is shown?
what year was this made in?
what brand of cosmetics are on the table?
what is the flavor of the liquid nicotine?
does the slogan on the left match the slogan on the mug?
what is the makeup brand on the far left bottle?
what is the brand on the middle bottle?
what is the name of the fragrance?
what is the size?
what setting does the washer need to be set to?
what special occassion is listed?
what is the name of the perfume?
how many ml in this bottle of perfume?
what is the brand of vodka?
what brand is the body butter?
what is the product in the bottle?
what year was the godiva company established?
what country is godiva from?
what type of place is this book from?
what number is on the book?
what brand is this?
is there a website on this picture?
what is the name of the nail polish?
what is the brand on the white box?
what is the name of the second bottle?
how many grams is shown on the sign?
how many euros does this cost?
what is the name of the fragrance?
what kind of tea is the package on the right?
what kind of tea is the package on the left?
is this an ad?
what name is on the green sign at the top?
what is the brand name on the bottle?
what is the name of the perfume?
what are the initials on the cap of this perfume?
what is this soap made from?
who produced this product?
what kind of  product is this?
what kind of establishment is the paper talking about?
what is the name of the collection?
what is the brand of eyeshadow?
what brand is the palet?
who makes the spirit?
what number is shown on the top right?
what is written at the bottom of the page?
what is the name of this purfume?
what type of oil is in the bottles?
is oil or water in the bottle?
what is the name of the lipstick?
what brand of lipstick?
what type of bottle is this?
what type of shampoo is it?
what is the scent for the blue container?
this are parfum for man and woman?
what is in the box?
what company makes this motherboard?
why do i need to stop?
do you keep thinking?
what is the name of the perfume?
what is in the bottle?
who makes the fragrance "romance"?
how many ounces on the box?
what brand is that?
is this scotch?
what 2 words are at the bottom of the cologne tester?
is this cucumber flavored?
how much is this?
what is the name of perfume?
how many years was this whiskey aged for?
what is the name of the perfume?
what city is the perfume from?
what is the name of this cologne?
how much to the large classic jar candles cost?
what is the salt made from?
the brand of this is?
what is the statue of liberty considered?
what city is featured on this sign?
what brand of product is shown?
what is the name of the gucci scent in this bottle?
what type of coffee is in the right of the three boxes?
the brand is nescafe?
what is the name of the book?
what is the name of this calvin klein perfume?
what brand of shoes are being displayed?
what does the sign say?
what is the product?
how many samples come in the fudge cubze?
how much is the fudge?
what sweet gifts are shown in this photo?
what does it say on the small white box?
who is the creator is the new fragrance?
what is the name of the fragrance?
what is the first word of the brand name on the water bottle?
what is written above the signature?
what does the black box say?
what network is shown on the box?
who makes perfume no. 5?
what is this liquid called?
where was this made?
what brand of perfume is in the bottle?
what christian dior fragrance is this?
what is on the hood of the van?
what is written on the building?
what kind of oil is shown?
what is the name of the product?
what is the watermark word?
what kind of perfume is this?
who made the perfume?
how many levels are there to the led fizz indicator?
how much soda comes with this package?
what brand of headphones are those?
who makes this syrup?
what kind of syrup is it?
what is the name of this perfume?
what name is at the bottom of the bottle?
what brand is being advertised?
what company produced this honey reserve?
what is inside this bottle?
what is the brand of the bottles?
what color on far left?
because the baby powder was very import here?
what is the name of the product contained in the bottle?
what type of cologne is in the bottle?
who took this photo?
what does the ft stand for?
what kind of money is being advertised?
what is the brand of this container?
is this written in english?
what is the brand name of the liquor in the image?
what type of liquor is this?
what city is this eau de toilette from?
what brand is the cologne?
what are the roman numerals on the box?
what kind of product is being advertised?
what brand is this product?
what city is on the perfume bottle?
what kind of product is the container on the far right?
what gender is the talc geared towards?
what brand of deodorant is pictured?
what is the title of the book?
what kind of survival kit is pictured?
who makes the box the figurine is sitting on?
what kind of access point is the figurine on top of?
what is the name of the bell tower?
will this body soap leave me with smooth skin?
what kind of drink is in the glass bottle?
what kind of cream is caudalie'?
what is the name of the photographer on the bottom?
what is written on the green and white box in the background?
on what surface would you apply the substance on the right?
what is the price of the food on the right?
what is in the big jar?
what is the name of this bar?
what drink is in the glass?
what is the byline for this book?
who wrote this book?
what liquor is this an advertisement for?
what is the name of the perfume?
what is katari?
what are the numbers on the front of the box?
what is the last word in the engraving?
what brand of perfume?
what name of the perfume brand?
what company is this?
does it say caring and business in the upper right side ?
what is beckham's cologne named?
who's name is on the cologne?
what is the name of the cologne/perfume?
what brand is that/?
what is the first letter on the white mug?
what type of project is this?
what is the first letter of the first word in the project's title?
what name is written in red on the perfume bottle?
what are the brands of these skin care products?
what brand is that perfume in the big bottle?
what is the name of the fragrance?
what expo did this take place at?
what does smx stand for?
who makes this perfume?
what is this perfume called?
what is the name brand of the product?
what is the sent of the product?
what brand makes the product in the white box?
which greek symbol is displayed on these boxes?
what is the name of the perfume?
is there a hugo bottle?
are these for men or women?
what does the sign to the far left say?
what's the name of the perfume?
what is the name on the clear bottle?
what brand is the red bottle?
what is inside the larger black container?
what is the brand on the white bag?
who made the perfume?
name the fragrance to the left?
where is this brand from?
what brands are on the collage?
what is the magazine called?
what country was this made in?
how many milliliters are in this container?
/what brand is the bottle?
what is the brand of the liquid on the left?
what brand is the perfume?
what kind of drink is in the bottle?
what number is on the label?
are these by katari?
what brand are these?
what is the perfume scent?
how many milliliters are in this bottle?
what airline sponsors this event?
what is the name printed under the pink logo?
what is written above 3dexpo?
what is the name of this perfume?
what kind of perfume is this?
who makes the perfume in the middle?
what is the name of this cologne?
who is this?
davik oakley financial times?
what is the brand of the perfume?
what is the brand of the leftmost perfume/cologne?
what are the last 3 letters on the shelf?
what brand is this?
what is inside the package?
what year is on the presentation?
who is the maker of the perfume shalimar?
where was this made?
what is the brand of the soap?
what number is on the big box?
what is the name of the designer?
what is the last latter in the name?
what is this perfume called?
what school does this band play for?
what genre does the academy of music represent?
what is obsession for?
what is the brand shown at the bottom of the bottle?
what brand are the products in the pink tubes?
are these mainly female products?
who is the front left seat reserved for?
what is the brand of perfume on display?
what "no" is showing?
for what gender is this product?
what brand of cologne is this?
what are the pieces of material used for?
is chemistry a glass company?
what is the name of this dior perfume?
what company made the perfume?
who makes this brand of expensive perfume?
what word is in the lower right corner of this ad?
what's the ladies version of this perfume called?
what is one type of this men's cologne?
what number batch is this liquid?
what brand can you see?
is it a perfume or lotion ?
whats the name on the bottle?
what type of nude swimming action is this product named after?
what model is the minolta camera?
what is the brand name in pink?
how much does 500g of samen cost?
who makes this perfume?
what is the name of the brand the lady is selling?
what brand name is behind the salesperson?
what is the brand name here?
what brand is the perfume?
what is the name of the perfume?
what is the name of the perfume?
who makes this perfume?
what is the name of this perfume?
what is the name of this beer?
how many letters are in the name?
what is the name on the box?
what is the name of the perfume?
what word is on the nametag thing?
what's written on the paper?
what does the card on the bottom right say?
what is in the box?
what brand of cologne is this?
what city is shown on the box?
what dies the coaster say?
what is the website?
who is the celebrity name of the perfume?
how many ml is the bottle?
what brand is represented in this ad?
what is the brand of perfume?
isthis a medal?
who makes dune?
what is the name of this perfume?
what is the brand name?
what french city is written on the label?
how much perfume is in this container?
what number katari is this?
what is the brand of product?
who makes n 5?
what country is the middle perfume made in?
is this a bottle of daisy?
who makes this perfume?
is this by matthew willamson?
who is the brand on this product?
is this vodka?
what number perfume is this?
what brand name is the perfume ?
what number is this perfume?
what perfume scent is this?
what brand is the perfume?
what brand is this?
what brand is being featured?
is this a fragnance?
what is the flower-related title of this perfume?
who makes this perfume?
who makes this perfume?
what brand of device is green?
are the snacks 100% natural?
what kind of snacks are in the large bag?
how many have sun glasses?
what does the danger warning warn of?
what is this fragrance for?
which brand are these shampoo products from?
what is the volume of the blue bottle?
how many ounces is this?
what brand is the aloe vera cream?
what spf is the sunscreen?
what brand of product is in the nearest clear bottle?
what company name is at the top of the white label?
how many ounces are in this conditioner?
how many benefits does the mouthwash have?
who is the nivea for?
what is wrote in green above the kid?
what is the name of this brand?
what is the product in the boxes?
does colgate prevent cavities?
what is the brand of toothpaste?
how long does the box claim that these gels last?
how many liquid gels come in a box?
what is the brand name of the toothpaste in the red tube?
how much cavity protection is there?
how many milliliters are in this bottle?
what written in red at the top?
how many ounces does this bottle have?
what gender are these products mostly for?
what is the brand of deodorant in the light blue container?
what is the brand of deodorant next to the wall?
what kind of hair is this shampoo for?
what is the size of the bottle?
what brand of lotion is next to the electrical outlet?
what is in the containers>?
what brand is the toothpaste?
what does the toothpaste claim to do?
how many ml of the lotion are there?
what brand is the aftershave on the right?
what kind of product is in the bottle?
what type of block is written on the box?
what brand is the shaving brush?
what is the brand name of the shaving cream?
what city name is mentioned at the bottom?
what number is at the bottom?
what's the last name of this guy?
whaos name is on theis photo?
what number is in the bottom left corner?
what is the title of photo?
what month is shown on the little calendar?
this home calander?
who is this?
what is the name of the artist in this band?
what city and state is the pond located in?
who wrote the quote that starts with "dogs are our link to paradise"?
dogs don't know what?
what is the caption for the photo?
do you see any text?
what is the title of this album?
what is the type of vanilla?
what is the name of this beer?
what is the brand of this beer?
how many square meters is the middle one, second from the left?
what is the domain name at the bottom?
what is the title name?
what name is wrote below the picture?
who is this a picture of?
who is this a picture of?
where are you?
what is advertised as being the world's largest?
what kind of quality is the tea?
what kind of tea?
what man's name is shown?
what type of shoe dressing?
is that written on english?
which company card is this?
who played the mad hatter?
is this a photo of the mad hatter?
what does it say in the bottom left corner?
was the popcorn fresh?
what's the year printed on this?
what year was this written?
how many rules of the bath are there?
what are the rules for?
what is johann's full name?
what year was the artist born?
what year(s) is the photo from on top?
what does the white text say in the photo of students?
what number is displayed below building?
is this sushi?
what does it say next to the art?
what time does the clock display?
which number is the hour hand closest to?
what is this magazine about?
what is the title of the main article in this magazine?
what music company is featured here?
what group is this poster about?
who is the world's greatest forklift operator?
is this a plaque making fun of someone named mike scarola?
may the bridges i burn light the what?
what is the title of the framed certificate?
what numbers are on the wall?
the displays are hendri?
who used the time turner?
what book series is mentioned on the plaque?
who is that on the movie poster on the right?
who is the male star of the poster on the left?
what drink brand is feature on the left art?
what does it say in french?
what name is on the poster?
how many minutes is it?
what is the word in the top left corner of the white board?
what are these principles for?
whose contribution should be encouraged?
where are these hollywood films?
what is the title of the movie in the middle?
who understands me?
what is the writing on the drawing?
what english word is on this framed drawing?
what is the picture of?
is this a newspaper?
where was this picture taken?
what does the picture read?
what date is on the old piece of art?
what is the name printed here?
whats the name of the artist of this picture?
who signed the guitar?
what band does this belong to?
what year is on the podium?
in which european country does this conference take place?
is the text on the book in english?
what name can be read on the seats?
is that for the boy scoouts?
what is the name of the gallery?
what type of tobacco product is advertised?
what is the value of the painting?
who is the artist of the painting?
what is the name of the gymnast?
what name is in the bottom corner of the photo?
who should do the bit?
what should you do now?
what brand soda is on the top left shelf of the right image?
what kind of shop?
what is the name of the movie on the poster?
what is the listed location on the left side of the photo?
what is the title of the postcard indicated on the right?
what year is the print from?
what is the one english word at the bottom of this?
who painted the picture?
what year is on the painting?
what studio is mentioned this picture is from?
what does it say just above the artwork?
what is a victimless crime?
what is blasphemy?
what is the first word directly underneath the painting?
who made this art piece?
in what year was the piece made?
is that conan o brian?
which celebrity is on the poster?
how many paintings were made?
what is the scribbled number on the painting?
what is this a picture of?
what year is on the print?
what is the identification number of the art print?
what us state is written on the bottom of the poster?
what number is on the top poster?
what season is shown on this photo?
what season was the photo taken during?
what profession does it say you are?
who are they honoring?
what letters are on the man's jersey?
what is this ad promoting?
what volume is this album?
is there a signature on the artwork?
does the top left one say "bat man?"?
what does the box on the right say?
when was this created?
how many sides are there mentioned on the back?
is parking free?
is there an artist on this painting?
what does it say next to the check mark?
what is their telephone number?
what kind of fever?
what sickness is this?
the poster is from what movie?
what is written on the picture on the top right?
what roman numeral is near the bottom of the painting?
what night is it according to the old paper farthest to the right?
what is the last word written in large text on the paper on the right?
what is the brand of e-reader here?
what company logo can you see on the top right box?
what is this philosopher's name?
when did locke die?
what does that sign say?
what city is this from?
what is that?
what brand is this?
in what city is the spam museum?
what monument is talked about on the wall?
what is it telling you to do?
how many poses?
what is this called?
is this about pianos?
what key is this piece in?
what's the name of the academy?
what instrument is mentioned?
is this quote written in latin?
what language is the quote written?
is this poem?
what page number is shown on bottom right corner?
what is the last word in the description under the picture?
what is the name of the outlet store?
this is project banduing?
what year was this written?
who is the author of this?
what is the name of this building?
who is the artist name?
what state is this photo from?
what name is on the top right?
what name is on the bottom left?
what is the name on the plaque?
what number is on the right?
what is more?
what is more?
what number is written in black on the right inside the frame?
what is the name of this church?
does coraline dot com take photos and turn them into canvas?
what kind of document is this?
what does it say between the two lamps at the top?
what's the name of the port?
what is written under the town name?
how much does the tall frappuccino cost?
what comes after the word oorlog?
what is the title of this work?
what is the first letter on the picture?
what game is this?
who makes the game risk?
what does the yellow work in the middle read?
what movie is this for?
what country is a pioneer in geothermal development?
what is the name of the country at the top of the brochures?
what kind of tier?
what are the two names?
what year was the campaign for fair food launched?
what does the poster want to do to modern agricultural slavery?
what club do they belong to?
is this a picture of the boxing club from the university of aberdeen?
what number is this?
is this painting about antonio?
what does the picture say?
what do they accept?
what is the title of the application next to the penguin?
what is written on this sign?
what king is written on the sign?
what is written across the two frames?
who is the copy right owner?
what is the website's name?
what letter is at the top of the sign?
what is the first four words on this sign?
what does the small sign say?
what year is written on the sign?
what word is shown in the frame?
how many letter words are in the frame?
who is this picture frame meant to be used for?
what is written on the plaque?
what is written at the bottom of the graph, on the left side?
what is this graph for?
what does the frame of the painting say?
is this a painting of rex?
is the label on the sculpture written in a foreign language?
what is the name of the center?
what year is cited on the sign?
what park is it?
what number is next to the year in the corner?
what year is on the bottom left?
what language is the text in below the picture?
what does it say in the star?
what country is written in the first art piece?
what is the artist's last name?
what year is depicted here?
what year was this painting completed?
who painted this picture?
what year did emile bernard pass away?
what number is at the bottom?
what is the name of this piece?
what is the name of this superhero?
where is this photo taken?
what club is this?
what is the club name?
what does the text on the left side say?
what is one of the names on this paper?
is this a stereo album?
what is the first song on this cd?
what is the man in the photos name?
what is the name of this business?
what comes after san on the first picture?
what does the image say that is positioned third from the top on the right side?
what body parts is mentioned on the images on the right side in the center?
how many explanation marks are there?
who wrote the message?
what is the fine?
what city is this in?
what building is this a picture of?
what can you not do in seated areas?
what is the bold blue word on the page?
what year is listed at the bottom of the text on this poster?
what kind of game is it?
what kind of event is the card at the bottom right for?
is that left card a "thinking of you" card?
what name is embellished at the bottom?
which two letters are on the top of the frame?
what year was this?
who do i want?
who is the speaker on this album?
what word has wings around it?
where was marshall brice from?
what is the ad for?
what is the actress names listed first on the left page?
when is the event listed on this page?
what is the name of the magazine?
what is the album title?
is this listed as thrilling?
what year is the picture?
what is the name of the picture?
what two numbers are shown on the bottom of this sign?
what year is on this poster?
what month does this event take place in?
what app is this advertising?
what type of amenities are offered?
when is this event?
what is the event called?
what is the show name?
how many prizes has the show won?
what is one of the words on the piece of paper?
is underage drinking cool?
what is the poster about?
a team is many voices with how many hearts?
what word is in quotes on the ad?
what type of legion is it?
what is the name of the movie on the poster?
who is in the movie?
does this cost money to go to?
what time does the event start?
what year is shown on this photo?
who is in the celebrity catfight?
where is the catfight being held?
what country is mentioned on the poster?
what word is in the top left corner?
who is the author of this text?
what is the title of this?
what is the last word on this sign?
what is the planet mentioned?
what kind of race is mentioned on the right?
what is the anniversary for clown dog bikes?
who is the tag artist of this graffiti art?
what actor is in 12 monkeys?
what is the title of the movie on the left?
what month is this exhibit open?
who illustrated the book?
what university is named on the top of the poster?
who is this book's writer?
is the text written in poem form?
what two words are around the roses?
what is the name of the doctor on the title of this poster?
what is the name of the digital storytelling community?
is this a doctor advert?
what is the date on the magazine?
what time does this take place?
what does the text in white say at the bottom?
who is sweeny todd?
what number is on the poster on the right?
what volume is this soundtrack?
what is the title of this soundtrack?
what is the last word of the bottom row on the article in the bottom left?
what is the title of the article at the bottom left?
what is written at the top in yellow?
what was this the first of?
what is the month and year on the poster?
is liam maccarthy irelands' forgotten son?
what is under siege?
in what year was this article written?
who wrote this comic?
who is the author of mr. popper's penguins?
who drew the illustrations?
what is that name on the bottom left?
what is written on the deck?
who had the best day of their life?
what is the price of this?
what date does this take place?
what is the title of this detective story?
who is the book by?
the is the title of the picture on the right?
what letter in the alphabet comes after the title?
what is the date on this poster?
who do we almost lose?
what year is in the bottom corner of the painting?
in what month do the yaledancers perform?
who is presenting the yale battle of the bands?
what bible verse is this?
what is this quote?
what is the name of this movie?
which mad max is this?
what's the name of the salon?
can you make reservations?
what is the new price of this publication?
what is the name of this?
how much was the comic?
how many stories are in this book?
when is the event?
what does silence mean?
what word is in big red letters?
what is the "key to london"?
what city is this from?
what season is mentioned with this book?
what book number is this in the series?
what is the name of the film on the poster?
what website is this quote attributed to?
what is quote displayed?
what does the text in the yellow box say?
what number is written in red?
who said this quote?
what type of man is that?
what type of shop is that?
what year does this event occur?
what band has top billing?
what does this ad say?
what is the name on this poster?
what's the dollar value of fool's gold?
who is the actor in the poster?
what is the title of the movie?
who is the main star in this movie?
which city is being feature?
what is the state flower of massachusetts?
what does it say on the top line?
what is the name of the event?
what is the date of the event?
what game is this?
how much is the top reward?
what country is featured in yellow on the map?
what is the tagline for the event?
who is a kiss for?
what actress is listed in the red spot?
what is the title of the book?
what is the title of this film?
when does this movie come out?
what is the title of the movie advertised?
is there a paper with an f on one of those boards?
what is written on the bottom right of the sign?
what is the name of this motel?
who made this production?
what type of production is this?
what kind of show is featured on the poster on the right?
what year is the show being shown in?
what speed is being measured?
what is the highest value number listed?
what is the name of the person being quoted?
is this an instaquote by walter lim?
what issue of magazine is on the left?
this is the book?
what product is being advertised?
what is the second word in the first line of large text?
what is the film title?
what is the title of the book?
what is the name of the magazine?
is this a movie?
what is the name of the film?
what town is stover located in?
what is the address for stover mfg co?
what brand is in the ad?
what beverage is in these cans?
what is the title for this comic stip?
is the comic in english?
who is the flier by?
what is it called?
what is the date on this game?
who was arrested?
what is the name on the left?
what is the name following the &?
what is the name of the publication?
what is the email listed?
what is the email address?
what are they?
what year is on the sign?
what is the code on the sign?
what is google advertising?
what kind of books?
how many steps where there in making sake in 19th century japan?
what does this image show a history of?
what's the title?
how much does the beer cost?
who is the author of this book?
what is the website you can go to find out more?
who is the author of this quote?
what is the quote?
what is the title of this?
who wrote this book?
who photographed this?
what is the sign instructing you to do?
what opera house is this?
what date is on the sign?
what year is this map?
what type of society is advertised near the bottom left of the poster?
what is bens last name?
what is the title of this book?
this social tv?
what city is this?
what year was this?
what time does the bike ride start?
what date does this event take place?
who wrote this book?
which state is ocean city in?
is this a greeting card?
how much does the soap cost?
what is the brand of soap?
what is the title of this poster?
what is the title of the movie?
what is one of the actors/actresses in this film?
what will they include for free?
what is the title of the work?
who is the creator of this classic piece from montreal?
what city is this?
what is written in red on the top?
what day is it available to stream?
what is the name of the band?
are there any gods?
what do you need to do before you die?
what is victory a question of?
what country is this from?
what is wrote in yellow and white?
what kind of tales are these?
who is the author of the book?
what are they advertising?
how much are acrobats?
what is the company name?
what kind of equipment do they have?
what is the name of the video game this picture promotes?
how many entries get a t shirt?
who is the author of this?
what university is in the picture?
who are we celebrating?
where will this event be held?
what is mary's last name?
does the tube strike happen every 26th of december?
whats the indication of the map?
what name is written on the bottom right of the ad?
this building was named after who?
what town is this painting in?
who is this singer?
who is the president?
what month is this event?
it is what day of april?
what language is this in?
what is the first name?
what is the name of this book?
what giant letter is printed on this book cover?
who is the author of this book?
what is the name of the book?
what kind of a restaurant is casa escobar?
what is the restaurant name?
what is the name of the center?
what is the subject of this display by the smithsonian?
what is the motto on this poster?
what's the name at the top left?
what is the name at the bottom?
what is tom sachs presenting?
what kind of program is mentioned?
is the poster in english?
what is your new name?
what is the large white letter on the banner?
what is the website for this ad?
what kind of deserts?
who is presenting this party?
what news channel is mentioned?
what country is mentioned in this article?
what number is the trolley?
what brand of trolley is this?
what does this poster show you how to do?
what does palms facing forward signal?
who is the author?
what is the title of the book?
what is the dates on the picture?
what state name is on the bottom left picture?
what is one of the authors of this book?
what is the word across the top?
what does the sign say to do?
are you obey?
are you familiar with that bible verse?
what day of the week is the concert?
what us city is mentioned here?
what is the name of the radio corps?
what is the number on the box?
what is the magazine title?
what color finger is mentioned?
who plays james bond in this movie?
what rover is the ad?
what word is vertical on the left page?
what is the old poster trying to sell?
what is the brand being advertised?
what is the city here?
what city is advertised on the banner?
what is this cd used for?
what year was this disk made?
what high school is this for?
what is the title of this poster?
what us city is shown on this album?
what brand name of toy is this?
what kind of lab is this?
what kind of series is this?
what kind of music does the cd contain?
what is the pizza company here?
what food does this company make?
what is the word with a red line running through it?
what is the bestseller?
who wrote this book?
what is the name of this book?
what word is on the top of the bear?
what is the word at the lower end of the picture?
what is the name of the singing comedian?
what is the play's name?
what is the name of the festival?
what is in the circle in the bottom right?
what is this a drawing of?
where can i buy these fireworks?
what kind of fireworks are these?
who wrote this book?
who's name is at the bottom of the poster?
what year is this poster from?
what does the top line on the poster say?
what's the name of the book?
who wrote mission flats?
what kind of machine will you find if you go right?
who will the person call once a week?
who was this selected by?
what is the name of this event?
what is the picture on the right of?
what type of monster is it?
what is johnny's last name?
what quote is being attributed to obama?
is that a book content?
what is the bottom word on the page?
what is the book called?
what kind of suits are these?
what question is being asked on the card?
who teaches the trumpet master class?
are classes still available?
what is written on the cover?
which edition is this publication?
is this written in spanish?
what year was this poster?
what kind of show is being advertised?
what year is this event?
what year is shown in the poster?
what famous person is in this picture?
what is the name in color on this poster?
who is the author of this book?
what is book about?
what organization is this poster for?
what is this list of?
what is the ad promoting?
what is the name in bold at the bottom?
what is life full of?
why should we not trust no one?
what is the month on this?
what kind of sound system?
what word  is in multi color?
what song is on face 2, number 2?
is this a collection?
what does this say, in swedish?
what does the bottom of the art thank you for?
revenge of the what?
who is the author?
what is the name of the project?
what numbers are shown in the top right?
what us city is mentioned in the greeting?
what month is the greeting from?
what is the middle sponsor?
what year is this conference taking place?
what flavor is this?
what type of alcoholic beverage is advertised?
what is the name of this book?
what is the url to the website?
what type of video is mentioned?
what is the name in white?
what street is this on?
what is the name on the poster?
insert no what?
what is the website?
what is the famous quote?
preview the new what?
i should see what?
what is the big letter word at the top of the words?
stop the what kind of spray?
what is the title of the publication?
who is the director of this film?
is the poster written in english?
is this for a wine festival?
what year was this?
what kind of foeticide does the poster have on it?
what do you not waste?
what is the first word of the title?
what is this first of?
what three letters at top?
what is the name of the motor ledge?
who wrote this book?
what is the title of this book?
what do the red letters say?
the picture on the right is described as a?
what is sebastien's last name?
what is the title of this book?
what does sendo stand for?
what is this an independent network of?
who is the author?
what number is on the postcard?
what is the app being displayed?
what does the shirt say can change a life?
who is mad?
what's the first word in blue can you see?
what is the poster in the center about?
is that a map of california?
what state is this?
what city are the giants from?
what is the link on the top left?
do they have a facebook?
who is this quote by?
what is the first quote?
what is the slogan in white?
pull up your what?
what is the sign asking us to pull up?
what was in 2006?
what is the title?
what word is in red?
why are people dying?
what is the title next to film?
name this magazine?
what is the movie ad promoting?
who authored the first s.t.r.i.k.e.?
what do they hate doing?
what would they lose?
what s the title of the show shown on the poster?
where is this mountain located?
what name is on the top right?
what is hack prototype design?
is this place in standford?
what kind of club is this?
what is the name of the arrow pointing up?
what is the title of this sign?
what composer is listed at the top of the box in the upper left corner?
which city is on the poster?
what news channel is this?
what time is shown?
what country is this poster advertising?
what country is mentioned?
is this an advert?
where is this postcard from?
what is the year?
how many yen?
what month is it currently?
what date is the event?
what does it say in the bottom right corner?
where is bone doctor's bbq, llc located?
what event is this?
which award did jame blish win?
who is this?
what movie is the poster advertising?
is this movie in color or in black-and-white?
are the words on the sign in english?
what is written in green?
who are the artist of this album?
whats the writings about?
what kind of concert is this?
what day is the concert?
what is the company name at the top?
what are they advertising?
what is the length of the mq-1 predator?
how many are hunter keepers?
what should you turn into reality?
where is social media week taking place?
what is the hashtag for the social media week?
what is the name of this mountain?
whsat number is in the circles at the top?
he was a man of ?
who died according to this banner?
what kind of troops are these?
how many troops are listed?
what is the name of the story on the second page?
is there a panel about the plague?
what number appears in the background of the artwork?
what are the letters in orange?
where can i see a list of all asda savings products?
how much does each item cost?
what are the first four words printed at the top of this book cover?
what is the website listed on the book?
is atria on one of the charts?
what does this center research?
what are the 3 numbers?
where is this play playing at?
what time is the event?
what strett is teh paddock motor court located on?
what year is this picture taken?
what day was this taken?
how many gallons in this bucket?
what does the cartoon say?
what word comes after "more"?
what is the french name for the moon?
what is the name of the book?
what day is the event on?
what is the name of the band?
what is the name of this show?
where is this show taking place?
how many commandments of dance are their?
what group put out this album?
how many people are killed by shooting every year?
where is this poster about?
giant cracking what?
what is one of the popular brands on this large board?
what size of cinema?
what did they do with the popcorn?
are these steamworks?
what is written on the bottom?
what year is that dodge?
what year was this car made?
what kind of adventure stories are these?
what is the name of the book?
can you donate to hearty lunch?
what day is the event?
what is the size of the boat?
what does it say on the top right?
what is the title of the book?
who is the author?
what kind of royalty is victoria?
what floor on they on?
what is the word after devil?
what letter can be seen on the very top right?
what light is mentioned in the article?
what is the camera brand called?
what kind of chart is this?
what type of table is on the right?
is that a meme?
what year was barcamp?
which famous artist is featured on this album?
what are the roman numerals at the bottom of this?
what does the top of this sign say?
what weight class is mentioned on the sign?
what is the word next to the first star on the sign?
what are the names of the two characters pictured here?
what show is advertised on this photo?
where is the card greeting us from?
when is the race?
whats is the title of the race?
what kind of musik?
what is the first line?
did richard carlson and julia adams make this together?
what is the title of the poster?
first place in the what race?
what letters does the sign begin with?
what do the colorful letters say?
what is an actor in it?
what two letters are in black?
what words are written on the bottom?
what year is this photo in?
they are old memories?
what magazine is this?
what city is listed on the white section under the photo of astronauts?
what is your right?
when should you register?
what game is being reviewed?
what is the estimated gaming time?
what does the sign say?
what is the first word on the sign?
what city name is under funny bunny?
what is the text in the second to last scene?
what is the user's screen name?
what kind of instructions are these?
does regular exercise increase or decrease blood flow?
does exercise help you maintain a healthy weight?
what is the name of this game?
what is this game called?
what is the name of this movie?
what's the name printed on the top left?
what does the text say at the top of the poster?
who's the author?
what number is this issue?
who is the author of this book?
who is the author?
what is this movie ad for?
who stars in this movie?
what is the title of the book?
who wrote the novel?
what date is this?
did buzztum comment?
who commented on this?
what are they searching for?
what is the title of the poster?
where is the convention being held?
who is speaking at the conference?
do not do what?
what should people not do here?
who is the artist being featured?
what instrument is listed?
what colour is the phrase "beatnik kit"?
which number is expressed by the roman numeral on the far left?
what is the website at the top left corner?
who is the author?
who is the publisher of this book>?
who is the author?
what country is this man from?
what is the author's name?
what is the title of this?
what letter comes after the g?
what university is s.j.u.?
this is telling you to live what?
what website is shown on the page?
what company put out this book?
what brand is being advertised on this sign?
who should use the cotton, according to the sign?
what is the name of this movie?
what is the tagline on the back of the box?
what does it say?
what is written in the largest bold letters?
what website is shown?
what year is on the ad?
what year is on the advert?
what is the last word?
what is the first letter of the bottom line?
what are henney and cooper?
what kind of acceleration should be with you?
who should the mass time acceleration be with?
what color bird is mentioned?
what is the name of this publication?
what word is after 'beer &'?
what is the name of this event?
what kind of synthesizer is this?
who wrote this book?
where is this city?
which bank is this?
what is the name of the publication?
what kind of cheese is mentioned in the poster on the bottom right?
what is written at the top of the box in the bottom right?
what is the word printed across the island in the bottom right?
what is the brand shown on the poster on the right?
what year were the fireworks?
what is the name of the firework displays?
how much does a large hot coffee cost?
is breakfast served all day?
when are niki nights open?
what website is advertised on the bottom of the magazine?
what is the title of this magazine?
who is rising?
what university sponsors this mentoring support?
what is the second section on the left titled?
what is after welcome to?
is there graffiti on the sign?
how fresh is the pizza?
what was used to make this pizza fresh?
what are we together?
what team is this for?
what state is this in?
what kind of park is this?
what is the name of the author?
which edition is this?
what is the first song?
what is the title of track 1?
what yellow words are just above the arrow?
what is the top left letter?
what is the title of this?
what is microparticipation?
what kind of emergency is this?
what year was this shirt made?
you oppose or propose feminism?
who is tagged in this image?
what is the title of this album?
who is the artist of this album?
what is the title?
can you be able to read this article?
what is the large number at the top?
who aid this quote?
what is written in the red text?
what famous magazine is shown advertised here?
where is this event taking place?
when is this event taking place?
what is this inspired by?
what is the title of the book?
what is the authors name written on the book?
what is the date of this event?
how much will this event cost?
has anyone found the lost cat?
which center is this?
what are the words in red right at the top?
what is the phone number for mindcraft?
where is the trading post located?
what type of post is mentioned on the post card?
what does the sign say equals sanity?
what is the word on the floor closest to you?
what army is this?
where do you sign up for the army according to the poster?
what is being sold?
how many pence for a portrait?
what is the name of the person?
which borough is the safest in london?
is a knife mentioned here?
whose bride is featured?
who is the star of this movie?
what is the famous name on the banners in the middle?
what is this called?
when is this event taking place?
what month does this take place?
what date will this event be held?
hits of what era is this?
what is the title of the album?
what video game system is this for?
what command is listed in large text on the screen?
what is the name of this game?
how many letters is the only word on this ad/poster?
who is the author of this quote?
what is the year?
what kind of pail kids?
what does the can in the ear say?
what's the tagline?
is asser in this?
who is one of the featured people in this album?
how many tracks are on this album?
what kind of marines are these?
which company is this building part of?
what is the large red letter?
what is the current temperature?
what does it say in the red boxes on the top?
what band made the album in the center?
what city is calling/?
when does it break?
what year is shown?
what is the title of this?
what is the name of the play?
what city is shown on this picture?
what's the title of the poster?
what is the alcohol content of the whiskey?
what is the name of this?
where will you find the sprinkler stop valve?
what date is shown?
what city is on this?
what english letters are in the top left corner?
what is the title?
does el paso actually care about people entering?
what state is this greeting from?
who is the author of the book?
who is the giant killer?
where are they welcoming you to?
name a drink on on this poster?
what is the title of this show?
what is the first actors name listed?
will bad samaritan be at demoilta vii?
what does this tell you?
is that a poster of the empire strikes back?
what is the name of this cartoon?
what are they saying?
what is the author's middle initial?
what is the title of the book?
what city is stump town coffee roasters from?
is this stump town?
who is sponsoring the event on the poster?
what band is the event featuring?
what is the name of the character shown?
what does the red text say?
what year is shown?
what is this sign talking about?
what is the number shown in the board?
what does it say on the billboard?
what website is written on the bottom of the sign?
what is to trust?
what word is in white?
what does the man on the window hat say?
how many steps are on the casino?
what word is at the top of the center circle?
what is the name of the theatre?
what is the name of the video game here?
what number is written in white?
where is fashion week?
what company owns the billboard?
what type of people are architects?
what kind of architects is this add for?
what museum is mentioned?
what is the website?
what genre is this book?
what is this book about?
how much paper is in this?
what country is mentioned?
what does the red sign read?
what does the green page want you to vote for?
what comes crawling?
what comes crawling?
where is the art magazine from?
what course is this?
what is the address of the course?
is this a astatistic?
who should we contact for details?
where is this party?
what is the date of the event?
what year did the pour l'art conference take place?
what is the title of this event?
what month was this published in?
what is the price listed on the top left?
what ad is that?
where are they giving greetings from?
where are those stamps from?
what is the big letter?
what is the second letter?
what is the title of this postcard?
what is this man in the right sign?
what is the title of the poster on the left?
what is the name of the website?
what do the chinese characters stand for ?
what should you be cautioned about?
what is exiting?
what year is the legislative conference?
who is sponsoring this conference?
what social media platform is mentioned?
what is the name of the software?
which country is bounded by ethiopia, kenya and the indian ocean?
what is the date at the top of the map?
what is the ad promoting?
where is this?
what is the title?
what books did nazis burn?
how many years ago does it say that nazis burned the books?
what area is declared a drug free zone?
manhattan valley is the drug-free zone?
when does the festival start?
what is the name of the festival?
are these a type of firework?
what is the item number for these fireworks?
what is the name of the store?
where is this drug store?
whose composition is this?
what happened to the children's friend according to the tect?
harry potter and the sorcerers stone is a book by?
what's the name of this cafe?
what soda brand is seen on the sign for the cafe/motor?
what name is written in the red?
what is the title of the article?
is this promoting a game?
when does combat begin?
what video format is this?
what is the name of this movie?
who is the second box honoring?
what letter is in the large blue square?
what should be in gear?
is this sign asking for you to be cautious?
what size meals should you eat?
what does the text in red say?
what is the name of the book?
who is this?
who was the artist of this poster, seen on the top right?
who makes this fruit juice?
what number is the engine?
what letters are under engine?
what is worth a pound ?
what 2 words are written in pink?
what color is the text at the top?
what kind of poster is this?
what is the last letter at the top?
what actor's name is furthest to the right?
what's the english name of the stallone film?
what famous actor stars in this film?
what year did the moon race end in?
what is the name of the beach?
what number is this?
who is the author of this book?
what gang is this book about?
what is the name of the show in the middle?
what kind of venue is the poster on the left advertising?
who played piano?
what is the number in the top left corner?
when was this copyrighted?
what is the video game name?
who is the author?
who are the authors of this book?
what part is it?
what group is presenting popocaterpillar vii?
what track number is the song called failure?
what does the pink font say?
what words are written under the head?
what's the name of the author?
what is the title?
are there any good stories in the local paper?
what is the name of the newspaper?
what orginazation made this?
what is the title?
who should god save?
is god save the queen a british saying?
title of this event?
is this poster readable to monolingual english speakers?
how much does general admission cost?
what city is this beach located?
when is the event?
what is this poster for?
what is the name of this?
what does the book title say?
what date is the season premiere?
what show is this advertising?
what is this poster advocating for?
what is this woman not worried about?
when was the third national bank built?
what year was the cost of 5000 people?
what number is in the top right corner?
where is pictured on the postcard?
what time is the melody?
what is the name of the album?
which company made the game?
what type of certificate is this?
what are the letters in blue at the very top?
what is the name of the website?
what should they build?
what word is written underneath the word "write"?
what is the title of the ad?
what is the website for this game?
what's the name of the game?
what building is pictured in the bottom left?
are they celebrating a mainstream gaming anniversary?
what year does the saga continue into?
what website is near the middle right?
these are books right?
what edition is this book?
who wrote is book?
what's it say at the top?
what is the name on the photo?
is cazuza a brazilian word?
how much is a copy of this national geographic?
what is the name of the book?
what is this man's name?
what is he known as?
what bay circuit is shown?
what is the title of the race?
what movie is this referencing?
what is wrote on the front?
what object can you rent here?
what does the orange strip say on the sign?
what is the text in blue?
what kind of instinct is mentioned?
who wrote this book?
where is this ship going?
what down payment can you put down on this product?
whos intel is in the book?
what date and time is displayed?
which book is this in the series?
who is the author of the book?
are you able to read the article?
what is the date on this article?
what number is this post card?
where is this postcard from?
title of this magazine?
what country is on the bottom right?
what kind of park is this information about?
what is the words at the bottom left?
what time is this show?
what road is in the contact?
what city is the fireman's herald out of?
are there publishers?
what is this movie?
who wrote that show?
what should you think with?
you should think with the senses, but you should feel with what?
what can be held with both hands?
what should you do with a true friend?
what is the tagline about kim jong-il?
what does this reveal the truth of?
what is the tutorial about?
what is the largest word going across th middle of the picture?
what should we create?
what city is this from?
what does the top of the poster say?
what word is on the left in orange text?
what alcohol company is sponsoring this event?
where is the event?
what is the title of this comic?
when did this come out?
what poker card is shown in the bottom left corner of this picture?
well it's what?
what is the brand on this advertisement?
what month is the event happening?
what is this advertising?
what is tim's last name?
what website is on the bottom right corner?
what does the poster say?
what event is the sign advertising?
what musical instrument is on the sign?
what type of feeding is the sign for?
what page is this?
what is the second word on the page?
where did this postcard come from?
what is the name of the airport?
when is the newton creek cruise?
when is this cruise?
what company is that banner for?
what location has a gold statue out front?
what is the name of the park?
what is the first suggestion on this picture?
can you be able to see and read what is on the board?
what big word is in orange and begins with an s?
where is the venue?
what year is this book base on?
when was this flyer produced?
what year is shown on this photo?
what is the word before construction?
how much did this cost?
what is the name of this book?
what is the otters club?
how much is the value worth for this club?
what river is represented on the map?
what is the name of the area?
what kind of assembly point?
what does the sign say?
what is the advertisement trying to sell?
what city in england is listed?
what day of the week is this event happening?
what is the date of the performance?
what is the date of this event?
is this about a poet?
how many volumes have been sold?
what is the greatest book of the age according to this image?
who is presenting the advertised event?
what holiday are the tips for?
what company is shown in the middle at the bottom right?
what canyon is talked about here?
what canyon is mentioned?
how many injuries occured here last year?
what does this sign say?
what brand is this product?
what can you build?
what is 3 blocks from nutley?
who is the cemetery named after?
what is the 5 digit number shown?
what state is this in?
what state is this a map of?
is oasis a company or city in texas?
what is the ad telling you to do?
did he say jump from the ledge?
what is the url of the add?
when was this photo taken?
who is the most popular catholic saint in brazil?
what movie is this poster for?
what does the subtitle say?
does this place sell hot dogs?
this is library?
what is this a flyer of?
what date is on the flyer?
what's the phone number to call?
own your own what?
where is man mo temple?
in what year was the temple built?
who is the brewing company of the beer?
what city was the fire in?
who sang this cd?
which year is this booklet published?
is this a camp menu?
what's the title of this page?
what concert is it?
who is the author of this book?
who published this book?
how many years?
what number is listed?
how much did the outfit cost?
what is the price on the sign?
what is kind of soda is that?
what kind of fish is shown here?
what type of piano is it?
what is the url at the bottom?
which artists are featured?
what the album title?
what is the first name of the person listed on the top of the page?
which side should you remove the record from?
is 999 a musical band?
what sort of candles are there?
what is the brand name?
what is written in orange text?
what does the top of the page say?
who is versus watson?
what type of storm is ana?
what year was the photo taken?
what does it say inside the star?
where is this emotional post from?
what are the four largest words shown?
what police department is this for?
this is police station?
what word is blue on this drawing?
what number is shown?
how many new bundles?
what's the white poster say?
what college is this?
what kind of operations are posted?
is the dominion a magazine?
what volume number is this magazine?
what is life?
what is samo for?
what city in texas is this about?
what year is on the bottom?
what group is listed?
whats the name of the place?
what do receptionists say?
what is the word at the very bottom?
which martial artist is named in the video game?
what is the spectrum version by?
what month is this event?
who is this an evening with?
what does the warning say on the left corner?
what is the album called?
what is the contact email?
what is the name of the company being advertised?
what is the magazine?
how many pages is the special?
where is this park located?
what phrase is written in french at the top of the sign?
does the author approve of slavery in america?
what would the author never have drawn?
title of this magazine?
who was the first owner of the de mesa-sanchez house?
what movie franchise is this?
does he have force action?
what is mentioned above the two hands?
what is the large white word?
does cocaine help with pain?
was cocaine created originally to deal with pain?
what motel is this?
whats the address of the motel?
what is the title of this book?
who wrote the book?
what famous doctor is shown here?
is this on a dvd or blu-ray?
what is the maximum capacity of the elevator?
who is this owned by?
what company is hiring?
what is the fax number?
what weekly publication is this?
what is the title of the ad?
what is the name of the city on the sign?
what kind of notice is this?
who do they kick?
what kind of diet is there a problem with?
what do they want people to win?
what 3 words are at the bottom of this?
what verse of the bible is this quotation taken from?
what is the title of the ad?
what is the title of this ?
what does it say under "living campus"?
what four letters are shown on the top of the picture?
what night is it?
what kind of event is on the board?
which month shown has the fewest number of letters?
who said the quote?
what does the second group of red text say?
the green desk is for what company?
what type of levy is mentioned on the signs?
what is the name of the book?
who is this film by?
what are the english words in the box?
what year was this published?
what is the name of this magazine?
what issue is the magazine?
when is the deadline that art must be received by?
what is the ad promoting?
what year is on the poster?
what should you love?
what do they love and hate?
what is the name of the book?
what's the name of the song?
the power of what is incredible, according to the text?
what network is in the bottom left corner?
what website is advertised?
who is the author of this book?
darkness of the what?
when does shipping start?
what facebook group is this?
how many likes does this have?
what is the title of this book?
what is the brand for this firework label?
where were these fireworks made?
where is this quote from?
what day is the event?
who is playing with fear factory?
what is the url for the event?
what kind of players are featured?
what is wrote at the top?
what's the 3rd word?
what is the fourth word on the poster?
what is it telling you to reboot?
what is the title?
what kind of sex?
what is the name of this actor?
what is coming soon?
who made this poster?
what city is the person from?
what do the words at the bottom say?
what phone brand is this?
what bank is towards the bottom of the ad?
what is the second bank from the bottom left?
when is this mayhem taking place?
what year is this poster for?
what is the brand?
what web version is pictured?
what is the hypnotist?
who's name is in the top left corner?
what kind of music is this?
what is the last composer listed in the column?
where does the cruise go to?
what year is this?
who is it?
how long has this theater been in business?
what year is this?
what is the title of this movie?
what company made this movie?
what does the ad say?
what city is mentioned?
what flows like water?
what is written in the black block?
where would you spend an email about tickets?
what day in october is the strike?
what date is the event in october?
what type of break is shown?
who is this by?
what is the headline?
what is the heading for the paragraph on the bottom right?
what is being advertised?
what word is closest to the top of the page?
what does it say on the bottom photo?
how much does it cost to get into the circus acts?
this has a hotel and a what?
what does the top left say in yellow writing?
what is written in white on the bottom right hand side?
does this signal a warning?
what words are written at the bottom of the girls picture?
what is the big letter shown on blue background?
what kind of music are they trying to play?
who is quoted on the left side?
what type of folklore is it?
how do the researchers feel when this model is followed and applied?
what is so secret?
what type of data is restricted?
what is the name of the brand?
which arcade sponsor's the exhibit?
what does this exhibit document?
what is the title of this book?
what year is at the top of the magazine?
what does this poster say is going down?
what does the poster say is going up?
how many kms?
what word is written to the left of 2039, at the top of the sign?
the image is team 2039?
what is the title of the book?
who wrote the book?
what does the sign tell you to abolish?
what kind of confinement?
what is the name of the gallery?
what time does the event start?
which user took this photo?
what is the bottom right blue ad?
what is the first letter on the extreme top left?
what time does the event start?
what is the name of the event?
what kind of soldier are they?
what number of rodeo is this?
what city puts on this rodeo?
what is the card a 10 of?
how many cups?
who is at risk?
which website is this image for?
what is the link shown?
what year is this?
what foreign sentence is on this art piece?
what are the 3 letters inside the tv?
what does the yellow text say?
who made this movie?
what year does this refer to?
what is the title of the book?
what street is listed on this billboard?
safety first what?
what is the telephone number?
how many tips are listed on the paper?
what is tip 1?
who made this ad or poster?
what is enlightening the world?
from where is the card offering greetings?
what is the number of the top right corner?
what is the name of the article?
where is the underground?
what do they do with their customers?
what can we see the torch do?
the human what?
what site should you visit ?
what is the website on the picture?
what is underlined at the very top of the closest sign?
what number is it?
what does the red sign signal?
what is written in blue on the top of the sign?
what is the website mentioned on the poster?
what should you do instead of making war>?
what should we set free?
what are the words on top of the picture?
what does bng stand for?
what number article is being discussed?
what is this article?
which of these words is (was) actually a name?
what number is underneath the painting?
what brand is on the jersey?
who is the author of this quote?
what letters are on the tombstone?
what is the name of the comic?
how much did this comic cost?
what does some of this grafeti say?
what country is listed on the art piece?
what two words are frequently mentioned on this?
what year is on the bottom of the left hand poster?
who is fighting in the art piece?
whsat is the last word on the bottom right?
what is being beheaded?
what is the last word on this sign?
what is that man's name?
what is written on the left?
what does it say on the poster?
what is the name of this movie?
what do you need to do?
what is the name of the graffiti artist?
what is the title of the play?
who is the author of the book?
what is the title on the white piece of paper that there are two of?
what is the title of the  sky blue paper?
what is the sign that the cyclist just rode past?
what is slippery when wet?
what does the very top word say?
what is the title of the page in the computer?
what should you do while walking?
what can wait?
what is the link shown on this poster?
whats the name of the poster?
what state is mentioned here?
keep em flying which direction?
what is like ammunition?
how much is the beer special?
what time is the special for?
what is this ad for?
what is the day of the roadshow?
what are the 3 letters shown?
what color are the three letters shown?
what fort is referenced?
sumter is a what?
what number is the podcast?
what is the website?
who is this picture say is ruling?
what does the sign purport he can do?
what is the crow's name?
whats the woods about?
who is the third man on the list?
what is the name of this album?
what is being asked?
what is the name of the book?
who wrote this book?
what is the book about?
can i win a dog from this?
what is the date on the seven psychopaths poster?
is this about a brass ensemble?
what is the name of the ensemble?
what website is listed on this business card?
what kind of banners do they make?
what is the name of this music festival?
what is the title of this book?
who is the author of the book?
what are attacking?
whose curse is mentioned on the book?
what is the name of this chart?
what road are these ghost towns along?
what kind of town is advertised?
what is the title to the event map?
what is the website in the bottom left?
what kind of tango is this?
what is the book called?
man vs. what?
what movie is on the poster?
what age audience is this movie rated for?
what is their website?
what country is shown on the bottom of the poster?
what is prohibited in the room?
what kind of room is this?
how much money do you get off your taxi ride?
what is the hastag?
what is one of the fictional character names on this board?
what does the red stop sign say?
what year is on the sign?
what state is on this sign?
what university is this sign for?
what is the ecobuild anyways?
is this vip?
who is running in this ad?
what are the last names of the two people displayed here?
what movie is on the bottom rihgt?
what is the title of the top left movie?
what author is being discussed?
what's one word on the poster?
what is the first word on the poster?
how many countries are represented here?
what language is posted on the front of the book near the top left?
what's the year mentioned?
when is the photo gallery open?
what year is this annual exhibition?
what is the title of the game?
what is the last name of vincent?
let's do what together?
which beach is the post card from?
what state is this beach in?
who directed this movie?
what is it far better to do?
what does this want you to join?
what is this program called?
who is the sponsor second to the left at the bottom?
what does it say is the religion?
who's guide to the social landscape?
what beer company is sponsoring this event?
what festival is being advertised?
what is the name of the transportation system?
what is the left store?
what is the word that begins with g?
what page is this from?
what does the ad say is coming home?
what is this advertisement for?
what are the war criminals hunting for?
what type of polish?
what is the brand name of the polish?
who is that?
what's the title of this?
who wrote this book?
what rules are mentioned on the image?
what is the brand in the publication?
what is the only word on this?
what is written on the last line?
who are the winners?
what time does the award ceremony start?
who is the main author of the book?
what is the name of the suthor?
what kind of craft is this magazine for?
what is the country name written beside the magazine?
what camp is mentioned on the sign board?
what do they want to stop?
what is the puzzle full of?
what is the name of the puzzle?
what is the bird in the picture?
master piece of political art?
what is the name of the church that does the kidzone?
what is the phone number in pink?
where does the graph say we are?
what is this a graph of?
what are the therapeutic products advertised made of?
what does the ad say to do?
what price do you pay?
how much can you save?
what is the name of this theme park?
who is the author of this book?
what is the title of this book?
what year was the film released?
in what season was the movie released?
who was the pamphlet written by?
what drink is advertised?
what day is it showing on the posters?
what is the twitter handle?
what country is listed first in the list?
what is the firt letter of the title?
focus on what?
what movie is this?
what is the first letter of the title?
what is the title of the article?
what drink is being advertised?
what is the name of this event?
what is the title of this movie?
what number on the page is in white letters?
what is the name of this structure?
what is new jersey's nickname?
what state is mentioned?
what do beavers use to construct their dome-shaped homes?
is this ad saying no to art?
what is this ad saying the street is more important than?
is this a food magazine?
who plays the piano?
what years are these through?
what large numbers are on this sign?
which u.s. highway is referenced?
what does the middle of the cross say?
where was man made?
what superhero is shown here?
is this flyer in bold print?
keep calm and do what?
what should you blame?
what bible verse is this?
what is the last line of the bible verse?
what kind of comtemporary crafts?
what number is joanne thompson?
what is the title of this movie?
what is the name of the male actor?
what location is depicted?
what numbers are handwritten?
what is the name of the book?
where is one place you can experience a joyous night?
what is the first word written on the top left?
what time is to the left of the word chuck?
what is the name of the festival?
what is the title of the piece of paper?
what name is underlined near the middle?
what does the sign say?
what brand of beer is this?
what kind of beer is it?
what are the newspaper articles for?
what kind of river landscapes?
what animal is referenced on this board?
whats the board about?
what year was this award for?
what was this award for?
what does it say at the top?
what product is the billboard advertising?
what does it say on this poster?
what kind of transport vehicle is being centered here?
don't visit what?
what should you do with your gp?
what is being said about this festival according to the bottom right?
what is the title of the tour listed?
what is the date in the image?
what are the letters in the middle row?
what are the letters in the bottom row?
who is the author of this book?
which other book has joanna russ written?
what kind of vibes should their only be?
what does the first word say?
what is on the shirt?
what school subject is written on this shirt?
in what city and state does this festival take place?
what's the name of the award keith dawber received?
what is the title of this science fair project?
what are you still loving?
what does the add on the bottom right say?
what years are listed on the green day ad?
what sessions were these?
what is the title of this book?
what kind of test?
who is the author of this book?
what is this sign telling you?
what needs to change first?
what is a creative act?
what comes together?
what square is on the banner?
what city is this?
which day of the week is mentioned?
what is written in the largest font?
is this gas a major or minor brand?
who is wanting to be famous?
what is the tag line written on this board?
what location is the boat from or going to?
what does it say on the bottom row of text?
what time is the show going to play?
do they have baked goods?
what is written above the circle?
who is the first artist mentioned at the top left of the poster?
what childhood memories is the book keeping a record of?
what does the ad say?
what is the time?
what do the black letters read?
what does it say on the can?
what does the grey sign on the right say?
what type of media is this?
who is the artist?
what is the brand listed on the bucket?
what color is described on the bucket?
what is the name of the author of this novel?
what is the name of the title?
what is the name of this maze?
what is the author's name?
what is the name of this book?
what is note allowed on campus?
what color is the note?
what is the name of this album?
what is the name of the artist?
the fighting what?
who is the creator of the comic?
which character is featured on this poster?
what is the name of this movie?
what does the yellow sign say?
what does the first line have written on it?
who stars in thismovie?
what is the name of the movie?
who is the first name listed?
what is the last word?
what year are the prices for?
it says the what range of fireworks?
what company is on the sign?
what information in the picture?
what is the title of this document?
when was the bill of rights ratified?
is the banner text in english?
how much did this book cost?
what is the logo on the sign?
what is the first city mentioned?
who do you apply to?
what is the serial number near the top?
is this about the show desperate housewives?
stop germs and?
what is the first step?
what is the name of the beach?
are they playing soccer?
what date is the event?
who owns the flour store?
what is the best?
what is the name of the movie?
who is an actress in the movie?
is this a movie ad?
what is the name of this book?
what month is mentioned on the building?
whats word can be seen on in big white letters on the building?
what number is depicted on the baseball picture?
what is the name of this game?
what is the date shown?
what is the price listed for this?
what can you have in your own home tonight?
what is feminist revolution?
what is this event called?
what year is shown on the book?
which theater is this event being held?
what is the name of this event?
who is the author?
what is the play called?
is this going to be fast?
when does the vigil start?
who volume is the book?
what is the premier date?
where is this taking place?
is the movie released?
what year is on the advertisement?
does the super croix claim to ward off vampires?
what is the name of the cross she is holding up?
what letters are in the black box?
the best of what?
what is the title of this album?
how many years of celebration?
what time can you chat with a ranger?
is this in canada?
what phone number is listed?
what is this art piece asking?
who is this fantastic author?
what is the book title?
what is his name?
what emotion is cites on the poster?
what number is at the top of the picture?
what state are they in?
what type of radio is introduce?
how many radio dealers are there?
isthis a library exit?
what is wrote in big letters beside the animal?
is ian curtis dead?
how long has this paper been around?
what will a person encounter if they go to the left?
what are the big white words in the top of this board?
what year is this calendar?
is yahoo a sponsor?
what year was the london & north western rly put into order?
can females of double reputation go in this area?
what festival is shown?
this is tv?
what city in california is this from?
how many teams are playing?
what are the initals on the sign?
what does this picture say?
what language is that?
what country is on this poster?
what size are these cigarettes?
what brand are these cigarettes?
how much are lockers?
which side is the men's room on?
what is the name of the state park?
is this an old postcard?
which state is this postcard featuring?
what island is this?
what is the number that is hand written?
who does our future belong to?
what is the name?
whose name is on this?
what is the title?
what country is this party  being held at?
what date is the party?
what year are these awards in?
what is the hashtag?
who made men?
who made earth?
what shoe company is this?
what is the motto of the company?
what does the sign want you to save?
what is the name of the initiative?
what is the authors name?
whos name is written on the book cover?
what do they want you to vote?
where is peoples movement located?
who is the author of the book?
what is the name of this book?
what is life?
whats the part of the body on the triangle?
who wrote that book?
what is the name of this item?
how many feet does it shoot?
what kind of party is this poster asking?
what is the date on the poster?
who said this quote?
what is the third word?
what percent will get your taxes?
what is the phone number?
what year is shown?
what is the name on the poster?
what has a surplus?
this is a universal atlas of what?
how many maps are there?
what is tough?
what is the finger pointing to?
what does the text say on the bottom?
what is the name of the show?
what is sold here?
what is the card numbered?
what is the year after nataly?
what year is on this sign?
what is the day and month written in black?
is there such thing as separation for those who love with the soul?
what is the first word here?
what date was this paper published?
what band is this record from?
when was this originally recorded?
what country is depicted in the poster?
where is the revolt?
where are the gold diggers from, according to the sign?
where is the theater?
where will this be happening?
what year was this published?
what are some of the actors in this movie?
what is the name of the film?
what  is the name of the heroes?
what is the name of the laboratory?
is it best to keep dust and debris out of the sewer system?
what is the sign for?
what word begins with d and appears many times on the poster?
what is written in the lower right hand  of the sign?
what is the first word on the poster?
what kind of graffiti do they encourage?
what does the sign say?
who said this quote?
what city is loved in this poster?
what time is on this poster?
what does the last word say?
what is the sentiment depicted by these words?
how many letter "a"s are there in this display sign?
what is attacking the town?
what is written in red?
what is the name of the comic?
what company produced this comic?
where do the exports ship to?
what percentage of soybeans get shipped to china?
what is the title of the poster?
what year is this?
can i use a cellphone?
how does the graffiti alter the way people read the sign?
the music of whom?
what university is the wind symphony from?
who has the secret diaries?
what is the magazine's name?
whose name has (wobble) after it?
what type of trails are this sign showing?
what trail has a map on the right side of the sign?
what is the title of one of these comics?
whats the name of the comic on the left bottom?
whats the na,e of this album?
who is the artist?
what language is this?
what's the name of the publisher?
the author of this is?
what type of fresh milk does it say?
is the milk hot?
what city are the flames from?
is this anadvert?
what does the page say to not be scared of?
what country is this in?
i heart what state?
what language is present in the ad?
what number is in the top left?
what kind of explorers does galaxy quest welcome?
what is the word after the in the bottom right corner?
whos light shines upon you?
what is the url for the quotes?
what is the word after our?
what planet is displayed?
what news company is mentioned?
what city is the company from?
what is the top left section called?
what number glitch is seen?
what is the second link on the navigation bar of this website?
what country is mentioned?
what is the address here?
what is the name of the restaurant?
who wrote this book?
are you saying only farmers are wise?
who grows it under their feet?
what kind of pet does the woman have?
what is the title of this movie?
what month is the event happening?
what time is the event happening?
what is the date on this game?
what is the title of this book?
what is the name of the museum?
what is the name of the town in the upper right corner of the map?
what is the word containing "stone" in the title?
was harry furniss a prolific illustrator?
do i need to speak german to buy a car here?
what is the name of the highway?
is it flu or what?
if its not ebola than its?
is radio 1 an am or fm station?
what is the website domain extension for atlas?
what is the title of this document?
when was this printed?
what can you get for free at this event?
what day is this event on?
what brand is advertised?
apple replaces what?
where is the operator section?
what is the pma number?
is sweep me away a book?
this some story book?
who is the author at the bottom?
what is the title of this book?
what are the 2 numbers located on the bottom left on the bucket crane?
what three english letters are seen near the top left corner?
who received over 30,000,000 in contributions from waste management companies?
who paid for this ad?
who is the artist?
what do the big yellow words say?
what kind of readings are advertised?
what comes with a price?
what is the second word?
what is the date on the bottom of the poster?
what is the title of this guide called?
who wrote this?
what type of card is that?
who is playing in the game?
who does the sign say needs to be freed?
who is the president?
who's wrote the fables?
does it mention spool cotton?
what is the name in the top left corner?
what is the name of the album?
when does this movie come out?
who stars in this movie?
does this sign read "caution"?
are there really snakes around that area?
what is this telling you to buy?
what kind of drive is this?
what number is next to the ec on the yellow part of sign?
what are the four letters in english below the yellow part of the sign?
what city is being talked about here?
what is the word that is repeated over and over?
what is the weight displayed on the package?
what is the name of one of the actors or actresses in this?
who made this?
what is the title of the book?
what is the name of the location written on the board's banner?
what is the name of the publisher?
what is the uppermost word written on this flyer?
what is the cost on the magazine?
what is the author's name?
what is the title?
what is the country on this sign?
what is the name of the organizer shown in the poster?
what is the ad used for?
what is vodafone's motto?
what is the book title?
who wrote this?
what is the ad for?
whose name is on the ad?
what is the title of the book?
what does the sign say?
what word is visible above the sign?
what is the name of the magazine pictured?
which war is featured in this magazine?
what color is the text that's circling around?
what color of ball does the text mention?
what are the two words at the top of the poster?
what does this sign want you to do?
what is the project they are working on?
what is the title of the magazine?
who is this copyrighted by?
what do the yellow words say?
what location is listed at the bottom of the flyer?
don't play loose with what?
what do you need to tighten up?
what is the title on this page?
what color is the text on this page?
which artist is featured in the posters in the middle?
what 3 word graffiti is written on the top of the yellow post?
what dimensions are mentioned here?
which email address to contact for info?
when is it coming?
what year was this event?
what is the date on this drawing?
who has warned people about the ravages of wild fire?
who is the author on this flyer?
what does this title say?
what does the billboard advertise?
what city name is mentioned at the bottom?
what is the name of the anime?
what does the sign on the right with the blue background say?
what is the title of this book?
who was the author of this novel?
what team does he play for?
according to the text, what is hard?
what are the three capital black letters on the bottom center card?
what month is the knockout?
what day is knockout on?
what is the date of the vote?
what should you vote?
what does the first line say?
what is the name?
who was i following?
what is the season name denoted in this poster?
what is the name of this paper?
what is the title in the blue box?
what is the name on the top left?
what is the date on the poster?
what is the bands name printed on the pink paper?
what fastfood is this from?
what kind of board is this?
what does the man of lamancha have?
what is the theater name?
what is a dirty lie?
is the smaller text written in english?
what is the name of the book?
how long is this movie?
who made this poster?
where can you get lost?
is is a front book cover or poster by margaret feinberg?
who is yabuki joe fighting?
how many rounds is this match?
what year is printed on this?
what year was this barcamp?
what year is on the poster?
what forum is this?
what are these the mysteries of?
what car brand is on the bottom right?
who is the doctor that wrote this?
what type of degree does mace montech have?
what brand of magazines are there?
is this magazine for riffles?
what road will they find?
what is the name of the title?
who is running for senate?
where is this ad promoting?
what us state is savannah in?
what year this did take place?
what does the poster with the open mouth say?
what quote is linked to the red mouth?
what date is listed in green?
what date is listed in yellow?
what year is displayed?
what is being presented?
what day is hallowfest 2007?
what type of pop up do the letters in blue describe?
what kind of baazer is shown in the red poster?
what war do they win?
what war was this?
when is this festival?
is the picture of the product what it really looks like?
there are delete botton?
whom is the author of this?
what is the title of this work?
what kind of art are they talking about here?
what is the brand name?
what is going to be reinvented?
can you buy what is advertised in a store or only online?
what dos this say?
which iphone are they advertising?
what two gb are they advertising?
how many dollars is the daily maximum?
what are the rates for?
where is hackberry lake?
what is the hashtag on the bottom of the image?
what type of information is on this board?
what does is say about the audience at the bottom?
how much is the reward?
what is the word at the top?
who edited this magazine?
what year is mentioned on the right page?
what is the phone number to images beauty salon?
what is written in the middle?
what man stares in this movie?
how expensive is this movie?
what kind of night is it?
who wrote this book?
what's the title of the book?
what country does this poster talk about?
what did obama care do?
what should you join?
what will the marines help you be?
what language is the poster written in?
what is the large red letter?
what is the month on this poster?
what does this poster say?
what does the sign on the red background say?
what is the capital letter on the sign above the red thing?
what date will this movie be released?
what is the website at the corner?
what is the name of this event?
what type of game is this?
what does the sign say?
what is the first letter of the word on the sign?
stille nacht, and what?
what logo is on the upper right?
who edited the book?
what monster name is on the poster?
whats  the first name of the author in the poster?
what number is the festival now?
what percentage is cited?
who occupies 99% of my heart?
who has the world's best equipment?
is joe's dope sheet a comic?
which psalms is being quoted?
what shall be captured?
what is the commission name?
what design company's card is that?
is there an ipr card?
what's the name of this movie?
is this movie in previews?
what is the word under festival in bold font?
what os written in the yellow word bubble?
what is the name of the hotel?
is there a hotel there?
zaatar will be within their hearts until when?
how many tracks are on this?
what are the 15 tracks for?
does the poster offer big savings?
how much is menswear?
is this a really old album?
who is this?
who made this poster?
what famous composer is this about?
what is the first letter of the first name at the top?
how long until the transition towards pedestrian and public transport link?
what type of traffic is shown?
what movie is this?
what movie is this?
what kind of tuffies?
how many features?
how many bodies?
what kind of recording is this?
what 3 numbers come after "d"?
what type of movie theater is this?
what movie is showing?
what time is the show?
what is the name of the theatre?
who's quote is this?
this a qoutes?
what is the title of this?
what brand is this stall for?
what musician is featured here?
what is the title of this album?
who wrote this quote?
what is the first letter here?
what game is this for?
how many days does the guest pass last?
what year was this painted?
what year were the olympic games being mocked in this painting?
what are they weighing in on?
what year is the magazine from?
what number is on this poster?
what do the block letters say?
who is the author of this book?
what is the title?
when is the viking banner from?
what type of banner is shown?
is this door a push or pull?
what is written under the animal on the right?
what type of game is this?
what year is this event?
what is the name of this event?
what is this poster supposed to be for?
what is the last name on the bottom of the poster?
what is wanted by the far right poster?
what is the boy saying?
what year is the symposium?
is there a fate/stay night album in this?
which symbol is contained on the last title to the right on the bottom?
what state of failure is this?
what is the nikon camera model?
what word is at the top in yellow?
what 3 letters are in white?
what kind of general?
what is the title?
what are the numbers at the top of the page?
what is written in neon?
what is the first word in big bold print?
what is the last word of the headline?
which universal is it?
who has been warned?
what does he like to go around in?
what body part is showing here?
are there results for this project?
what is the name of the company associated with this?
make your old car go where?
what type of card is this?
what kind of chat?
what charity is this for?
what is the name of the charity?
what tower is shown?
what type of gallery is this?
below the gull, what is written in green?
what does it say in red on the small poster?
what is the word at the bottom?
what is the last worn on the banner?
what is the title of this work?
what does the album say the music is by?
what is one of the names on this board?
it is glee cast?
what is the title of this board?
what three letters written in black can you see in the very top left?
what kind of flu is being warned about?
does it say to avoid what kind of places?
what day is this performance on?
what venue is the concert at?
what is this board talking about?
what is the title?
what is the name of the album?
whos name is printed on the top of the image?
what is the title?
who is the author?
where is this picture taken?
what is the first word that is circled?
what does it say on the top left corner?
how many deaths?
this health information exchange on the picture is based in which state of america?
what is the name of the album?
who is the music by?
what does it want you to speak?
where is this welcoming you to?
when were the holden stations invented?
what was holden's first name?
what kind of networks is this?
what is the special on the menu?
how much does the fig's omlette special cost?
what is the title of the work? beyond what?
who edited this book?
what kind of exhibition is this?
what does it say just above the arrow?
what word is written on this film?
can we learn anything from the text?
which word on this poster was not originally part of barrack obama's campaign slogan?
what was this poster from?
who is the enemy?
what does the red word say?
when is the release date for the movie?
what is the name of the movie?
what type of quality charcoal is referred to in the first bullet point?
who makes crown?
what company produced this car?
do one of these say zumtobel?
does this book look boring to everyone?
when is this show?
what is the text in yellow to the right?
does the picture on the right say "designer"?
what is the url on the middle picture on the bottom?
what about this product is wide?
what is the brand of the item described?
what is the name of the book?
what is the first name of the author?
what happens if you don't pay your fees?
who are not criminals?
what is the website name?
what is the main title of the image?
what types of swiss army products are there?
what is sold here?
what is the brand of the cigarettes?
how much was a round trip?
is chicago aurora and elgin railroad still in existence?
what is the name of the art show?
are the dubs digital?
what numbers are combined in the middle?
what year is on this poster?
is this a dj set?
what words are in quotation marks on the billboard?
what number is shown nearby?
what is the name on the top of the posters?
was this by the center of livestock?
what does crop residue produce?
what language is this in?
what does the sign say?
what is the right word at the top?
who is in the poster?
what is the name on the poster ?
what brand is this advertising?
what event is this scorecard for?
what level of competition is this?
what virus is this talking about?
what is the sign warning us on?
is there a penalty for boarding without a ticket?
what year is the report of the bloody sunday due?
what does the poster say is bloody?
what is the title of this article?
according to this paper, what is closed?
what do you know at the bottom?
what do you think?
what is the date on the sign?
what city is listed on this?
how many cd's are in the box?
what type of restaurant?
when was this made?
what year are these awards from?
which symphony is this?
what do you need to do fast?
what letter is large and in red?
what day is it according to the sign?
what kind of day?
how many mm are the stills?
who is it operated under?
what is the name of this show?
in what month does the show take place?
what day is it?
what website is being used?
what does the sign say is a singles best friend?
what does it say about f adapter?
what is the title of the book on the new york times bestseller list?
what is the authors name of the book?
what is the release date for earth to echo?
an adventure is as big as what?
what year is displayed?
what is the year displayed?
what is the title of the book?
what kind of hall is listed?
welcome to what?
what company is being promoted?
what year is listed on this title?
what is the title of the work shown?
what word appears in parenthesis?
what is the title?
who is the singer on this album?
what is the name of this record?
what website is being advertised?
what is the top word?
what isn't true for all purposes?
how many projections does the sign display?
what is some of the foreign text on this picture?
what is waiting for your words?
what does the writing in the middle read?
no one is what?
the power to resist who?
the power to what?
who makes the food?
what year is this image from in the bottom right corner?
who is this the god of?
what field does this mention?
what is written in small letters under the main red text?
is armageddon onl playing at the villa fontana?
what type of campaign is on the banner?
is the language mandarin?
is turbosonic a speaker?
which foundation is opearing these events?
what are the hours of operation?
what is the name of the men in a circle?
what are the first two words of the ad in the center of the page?
what is the word written in red?
what does the sign say?
what website is on the sign?
what product name is on the picture beside the word shop?
what is our role in our own story?
what is the number of the license plates?
who is the author?
according to the book title, what did alice go through?
what is it saying they have the world's best?
who's sheet is this?
what gaming system is this for?
what is in yellow letters on the sign on the left?
what is the movie name of the top right corner?
what are all men by nature?
what type of rights do we have?
what is the address of this market?
what month is on the sign?
what is the website on the top right?
what type of legos are they?
how many pieces is this set?
whtas the price of this set?
is this a movie or band?
what is the album title?
what did they do after 19 days?
what is paul's last name?
what corporate group is this poster for?
what should you keep on doing?
who wrote this book?
who wrote this book?
what is the ad on the top for?
what is the planet of?
what is the name in black at the bottom?
nice signature, does it have to do with terrorist artists?
is this a novel?
how much was this magazine?
what is the month on this comic?
what size is this?
what kind of cut is this?
what does it say above the pictures?
what does the poster say you can call for the first time?
what is the title of this poster?
what year did the events of the poster take place?
what company does this sign represent?
what word is all by itself on the right?
what does the hand writing state?
what letter is in the top right cornor?
what date is displayed?
this is electronic board?
who's name is on the green board?
what is the name of the man seen here?
how many steps for hand washing?
what error message is this showing?
what is blocked?
what kind of edges does it have?
what is the reward for finding the person in the crowd?
what city is this card from?
in the event of what kind of attack?
how many steps are there to survive infestation?
so is odyssey a game or a computer?
how many games does odyssey contain?
what website is being advertised at the bottom?
what is the last word on the sign?
the what killer?
what are the three words on the bottom left?
how many records on the poster?
what is this ad promoting?
what year is provided in this ad?
what is the website on the ad?
what does the words in red at the top say?
which language is this?
who is the author of this book?
what is the article title?
what is this books title?
what color is the title of this book?
is the right sign about geocell?
what is the sign about?
what is this poster trying to say?
what is the advert bout?
what is the number on the bottom?
what is the ad promoting?
what is slowly crushing my soul?
is this a magazine?
what brand is this advertising?
in what language is the advertisment?
what is the drawing portraying?
what state is this from?
what company is on the map?
would this event be open on wednesday at 1pm?
what kind of adventures are mentioned here?
what year is printed?
how many virtues can you see?
what does the header on the red banner hanging above the entrance say?
what kind of jams are on the poster?
who are these mortals that they are calling fools?
when was this published?
what brand is on the man's shirt above his right breast?
what color is the insulation adhesive?
what is the name of this product?
what is in this can?
what is the brand?
what is this special pringles flavor called?
what word is on the machine on the right?
what letters are on the silver cup?
what letters are on the teacup?
what number color chart is that?
what is the name of this beer?
what brand of beer is this?
what is the model a scale replica of?
what kind of material is this bolt made of?
what brand is the washing machine?
this is a washing machine this using to the cloth washing?
what name does her shirt say?
how much for an hour?
what name is this device know world around by?
is this unbreakable?
which way do you turn the top to close it?
what is printed around the hole on the right handle?
what product is that?
what is the product that is advertised on the box?
what is the brand of this appliance?
what is being made in the slow cooker?
what series of nikon is this?
what brand of camera is this?
what drink is in the cases by the trash can?
what word is shown on the crockpot's display?
what  is the brand of toaster?
is this an old style ronson toaster?
what number is the long hand pointing to?
what restaurant is this?
what is the date?
what is the upper indicator light on the rice cooker for?
what type of cookware is this?
what unit of measure is the weight shown in?
what did the pan originally cost?
what is the model name of this appliance?
where is bielmeier made?
who manufactured the appliance behind the pot?
what brand of steam sterilizer is shown here?
what bird is the brand named after?
isn't that smithsonian museum?
what is the name of this toilet?
what does the stamp say in the middle?
what is written on those banners?
what time is shown on the center lcd clock?
what is written on the bottom of the phone/clock?
what brand is this appliance?
what brand is the crock pot?
what is the surface?
what is the name of the app with the camera icon?
what is the name of the app with a piano icon?
what instrument is mentioned on the white board?
what brand of phone is this?
what is the brand of the bottom bar?
what brand of phone is this?
what brand is the candy closest to the right corner?
what percentage of chocolate is this candy?
how much batter life remains?
what car company manufactured the race car?
what number is on the cars hood?
is that a case of 30?
what brand of beer?
what is the label on the wall above these computers?
what is written on the top phone face?
what brand of phone?
what is the brand of the toy that the boy is looking at?
what is the name of this construction vehicle?
what is the brand of beer?
what word is written on the conference phone, left of the "7" key?
is there a 2 visible on the phone?
what is the title of this book?
who wrote the book?
what is the model name of this appliance?
what's the app with the blue duck face called?
what is the app with the little envelope called?
what is written on the bottom of the image?
can we bounce our gps location?
what does the big word say on the top in between the blue lines?
why is she opening the wlkr loft?
what brand of cell phone is being held?
what is the name of the phone?
what brand is this?
what is the name of the app with a sunflower?
what's the flight number?
who made the book in the middle of the table?
what type of phone is it?
what webpage is the bottom middle phone displaying?
how long is the selected timer?
what distance is mentioned?
what brand of phone is this?
what does the app on the first row, left side of the screen say?
who manufactured the phone?
what is the weather for seoul?
what is the names of the phones?
what brand is the computer?
what is the first letter displayed on the monitor?
what is the speed?
how much is the -500 watch?
what number is on the watch?
what is on the frame?
are these family photoes?
what amount of crayons is on the crayon box?
what does the screen say?
what brand is this?
how many emails does the phone have?
what is the title of the article in the magazine?
what series is top gear showing?
what name is written in green?
what is the text in blue?
what is the temperature?
how many rpms is the machine set to?
what's the time on the phone?
how many messages does the mail app show having?
what is the date on this computer?
the picture says it wishes what?
what company makes the house phone?
what brand is visible on the water bottle?
what number is displayed on the calculator?
what do the words say near the top right of the calculator?
who manufactured this nano receiver?
which keyboard key is the nano receiver closest to?
what kind of turtles?
what is the model number?
would anyone pull?
what instruction is written in red letters?
what model is this camera that is displayed on the right corner?
what is the top button for on the one on the left?
what will happen when the software installation is finished?
what type of phone is this?
what is the word in the upper-left hand corner, right above the tv with the flower?
what brand of monitors are these"?
what brand of keyboard is this?
what brand is this keyboard?
what company built the cassette deck?
what does the knob on the right hand side say?
what does the little button on the top do?
the button on the left can turn on the machine?
what is the song title?
what is the word under the word memory on the scales?
what document is on the wall above the picture frame and coffee mugs?
on the enter key what does the word below it say?
what key is above the shift key?
what is the remote maker in the top center?
what page is the electronic device on?
how many pages are there in total?
what number setting is the camera on?
what are the three letters above the black circle on the right?
what sort of box is the cat sitting in?
what kind of box is the cat sitting on?
what is the first word on the phone screen?
what streaming service is this?
what type of camera is it?
what beverage is listed on the middle refrigerator?
what does the big sticker on the top of the refrigerator on the right say?
what are the 3 letters on the phone?
is this an htc phone?
where is the location on the man's shirt?
what kind of magazine is that at the bottom?
what make of acer is this?
what word is right above the green icon on the right?
what phrase is written on the shamrock?
what kind of typewriter is this?
is the letter q found on this typewriter?
what brand is at the top of the keyboard?
what letters are on this keyboard?
what is the top button on the left of the remote for?
what letter is on the blue button?
what button do you push to continue?
what does the phone sceen read?
what brand of phone is seen?
is the back option located at the bottom right of the screen?
what is the button on the lower right corner of this remote?
what numbers are on the dial of the camera?
what does it say on the camera?
what is the first letter on the clicker?
what number is on the side of this toy car?
what number is shown on the right calculator?
what is the name of the calculator written on the box to the left?
what farm are these tomatoes from?
protect freedom by eliminating what?
what does the first line say at the top?
what brand is the remote on the left?
what four letters beginning of the alphabet is on the left remote?
what number has abc on it?
what letters are on the number 3?
what is the word in the bottom left corner?
what is word in top left corner?
what brand is this remote control?
what button is to the left of the "play" button?
who manufactured the mouse pad?
what is the right letter on the mouse pad?
what would you use this keyboard for?
what is the model number?
how many guaranteed clicks?
what is the brand?
what is the key below the broken key?
what does it say on the button below the blue pause button?
what brand of remote is this?
what is the title of the middle book on the top row?
what is the title of the book in the bottom corner?
what size lens is being used?
what brand of camera are we looking at?
what url is listed here?
what number does the button on the bottom say?
who makes this sound mixer?
what is model of the mixer?
what 3 letter word is engraved on the bottom of this mouse which appears after the letters h and l?
what is special about this outlet?
what company produces this outlet?
what brand is the bottled water?
what city is mentioned on the p hone screen?
what time is on the phone to the left?
what button is blue?
what is the color of this phone?
what is that top right button on the remote?
what does the button just below the red dot at the top say?
what kind of phone is that?
what's the likely name of this device?
what is the number at the top left of the device?
what is the large yellow button on the center of this remote?
what number is below the red button?
what's on the soda can?
what model number is the electronic device?
what is one of the buttons on the device?
what brand of phone is this?
what color are the logo and words written in?
what does the button on the center of the remote say?
what is the name of the machine?
what are you doing if you press the right arrow button?
what time is it?
what brand are the remotes?
what is the button in the middle of the arrows for?
is there a back button?
how many mega pixels does this camera have?
what would you press to go to the last channel you watched?
what word is above the red button?
what color is the "ok" button?
what is the very bottom bottom on the remote control?
what digit is closest to the red button?
what number is on the bottom of the remote on the right?
what kind of remote is this?
what features does the remote have?
what symbol is on the yellow button?
what brand is the remote?
this is a remote to what video game system?
who created this?
what time is it?
what word is listed on the remote?
what does the blue button in the center of the remote say?
what type of buttons does this have?
what are the numbers on top of the control?
what brand is on the drink coasters?
what temperature reading is on the remote control?
who made this remote?
what is written on top blue button?
what are the numbers at the bottom?
what is the word above the red button on the top left?
what is the center circular button for?
what is the button below the 7 for?
what kind of vision is the company?
what function does the button on the bottom right perform?
what is the brand of soda?
what games brand is this controller?
what button is the red one?
what is the brand of remote on the table?
what red word is on the monitor?
what is the biggest number on the tv remote?
what does the red button do?
what is written above the yellow button?
what's the first number on the right side of the panel?
name the brand of remote?
what is the first number shown in the row of three keys?
the largest button is labeled what?
what button is above the c button?
what is the name of the program being used?
is this a remote?
what is the name at the bottom of this remote?
who made the remote?
what type of device is this remote for?
who manufactures the remote control?
does the remote have a button for the number 7?
what do the blue letters say at the bottom of th remote?
what do the red letters at the bottom of the remote say?
what version of mac is this?
what is the video game system?
what is the name of this gaming system?
what is the time on the screen?
what is the tuner set to?
what type of casebook is this?
what color are the numbers in the text?
what is the model number of the powershot?
does this phone support usb and iphone?
what is the largest button on the keyboard for?
what device is in the box?
what is the function of the round button all the way at the bottom of the photo?
what is the triangle button used for?
what is the center button?
what brand of tv does the remote belong to?
who makes the right remote control?
what is one of the letters found on the left remote?
what version is this usb?
what brand is this?
who makes this brand of calculators?
what is this device called?
what gps device is this?
is it called a mini?
what button is on the bottom of the black controller on the left?
what brand of tv does this remote control control?
does this remote have an "enter" button?
what letters are above the red square button?
what type of clicker is this for?
what kind of a guide is it?
what does the bottom, left button do on this remote control?
is there a "mode" button?
what brand is the tv?
what color is the brand name?
what is a word feature on the control fuctions?
what company made the remote control?
who made the calculator?
what model number is the calculator?
what does the yellow button in the middle of the arrow buttons do?
what does the top left button say?
what button is in the center of the circle?
are they comic books ?
what is the title of the top magazine?
what is the cellular network the phone is one?
rockers mobile netowork?
what is one of the brands of the remotes seen here?
what is the first thing you need to fill out on this form?
is zalman a general tech company?
does samsung use a universal remote?
what model of samsung can the remote be used for?
what is the brand of remote on the left?
what brand remote is this?
what brand is the remote control?
what brand is the phone?
what time is shown on open phone?
who is the famous mascot on the cup to the left?
what can you select on the middle button?
what time does the clock say?
what brand is the remote?
what does it say on the big black button in the middle?
what is prohibited?
for which sport is there eagle pride?
what does the ruler say?
is the number on the colour chart 14?
what fruit is being sold?
how much are the strawberries?
what name of clock is this?
the name of the clock is detecto?
what brand of bike tire is this?
what is the word after the word in green?
who's thermometer is this?
what year is mentioned on the miniature pillow/?
has this piece of fruit been properly identified?
this piece of fruit has what word written on it?
where was this made?
what does it say on the long end?
is oleg a brand name for watches?
what number is above 60?
what is one of the numbers visible on these tools?
what pattern number is this?
what sort of pliers are these?
what is the warning on the handle?
what city is on the key?
what is the smaller number shown?
what is the largest number shown?
how many pence is the right coin worth?
the coin is five what?
what should be fair?
what is the hope of the message on the card?
what year was this photo taken?
what kind of coins are these?
what's the check total?
how much were the coffees?
what's the largest number this ruler has?
which company is this ruler from?
what brand is the ruler?
what kind of play is being discussed in the book on the bottom?
whats a title of a book?
what is the highest number on the ruler?
what is the middle number on the ruler?
where was this ruler made?
what is one of the numbers on the ruler?
what is the serial number?
what is the number at the top of the ruler?
what is the number at the bottom of the ruler?
is this made by smartmax?
what number is the pencil ponting to?
what is the length in inches?
how big does the ruler say this piece of material is?
what is the first number on the ruler?
what coin is this?
whose name appears on this coin?
who is on the flier?
what telephone number is on the sign?
what width is the first piece of cloth?
what 3 numbers are listed in red?
what brand is the mouse?
how many mm on the bottom left corner?
what increment is written on the ruler?
what is the length shown on the bottom line?
what is the length shown on the middle line?
what is the large number under the object being measured?
what is the most left number?
what is the number on the far right of the ruler?
how much does this scale read?
what number is at the top of the scale?
what year is on the blueprint?
who makes this measuring tool?
what is the number highlighted in red on the ruler?
what units are being used on the ruler?
what is the lowest number on the ruler?
what number is written in red on the measuring tape?
what unit of measurement is the measuring tape in?
what's the lowest measurement?
what happens the louder you scream?
how many inches is that ruler?
is chesterman the company that made this yard stick?
what is the red number on the ruler?
what number is in red?
what website is this from?
what is the first measurement increment?
what year is on the white label?
what is the highest number shown on the ruler?
who will print it for you?
what is the word on the ruler?
what is the first word you see?
what brand is the ruler?
what is it made of?
in what imperial measurement is used on the top side of this ruler?
what is the highest number printed on this ruler?
what does the measurement read?
what is a red number on the measurement?
how long is this gun?
what is the highest number on the ruler?
how many mm?
what kind of adhesives is in the green bottle?
the kind of wood adhesive?
what's the lowest large number on the ruler?
what is the highest number on the ruler?
what is the number slosest to the top?
what is the last number on the ruler?
how long is it?
which number is closest to the ground?
what is the length of the ruler?
how many centimeters can this measure?
what site is this from?
is this a real coin to use?
what year was this made in?
how many centimeters is the branch?
what is the max number that can be measured?
what kind of store is this from?
how many inches are shown on the ruler?
how many milimeters are shown on the ruler?
how long is the object?
what unit of measurement is written on the ruler?
what number does this piece of material measure to?
what year is displayed on the ruler?
what unit of measurement is this ruler measuring?
what is the largest measurement on the bottom of the ruler?
how long is this device?
what state is on this item?
how long is the measurement of that?
what is the max measurement possible?
how many inches long is this?
how many centimeters are showing?
what year is this?
how many inches is the longest this ruler extends to?
how many centimeters is the black rectangle?
where is this gauge made?
what is the last number shown on the ruler?
what is the first number shown on the ruler?
what is the largest measurement number seen?
what is the smallest measurement number seen?
how long is this ruler?
how far does this numbering go?
what's the number to the very top?
where was the ruler made?
what is the highest number?
where is the ruler from?
are the rulers in inches?
what year was the it manufactured in?
what is the largest number listed on the ruler?
what is the longest this ruler can measure?
which unit of measurement does the ruler use?
what company made the ruler?
what many mm is this ?
what system of measurement is this ruler using?
to measure things?
is this item longer than 30 units on this ruler?
how long is the piece of plastic?
what's the large number on the bottom left?
what year was this image taken?
how many full inches is the tape measure extended?
what is the number on the bottom of the measure?
what word is before 301?
what is the number on the bottom right?
top which number is the pen closest to?
what number is between the two left fingers?
what is the highest number visible on the ruler?
what is the lowest number visable?
what units are the ruler in?
what is the left number on the ruler?
what's the highest number on the ruler?
how many inches are shown?
how long is the wooden spoon?
what is the first number on the ruler?
what is the left most upper number?
what is the most upper right number?
how long is the object?
how long is it?
what number size is the ring?
what is the largest measurement shown on the ruler?
what kind of estates does the ruler advertise?
what is the biggest number shown on this ruler?
what is the code on this ruler?
what is the code displayed on the ruler?
what is the name on the ruller?
what is the brand of the ruler?
what is the length of the blue object?
what is the largest number on the ruler?
what number is in the top left?
how large is the fish?
what brand of measuring tape is this?
how many inches is it to the silver item?
what does the ruler say?
how many numbers are on the ruler?
how long is the ruler?
what length is the bottom in?
what is the number in the middle of the top half of the ruler?
is this ruler more than 22cm?
what large numbers are on this sign?
what number is on the leather cover?
what is the last number on the ruler?
how many inches is the ruler?
who made the ruler?
what date is on this ruler?
where is this rule made?
what is the length of the object?
what is the year on the ruler?
who took this photo?
how big is the ruler?
does verulam make rulers?
where is verulam from?
who took this photo?
how far does the measurements go up?
what is the last inch on the ruler?
what 2 letters are printed on the ruler?
what is the serial number?
what is the first measurement on the ruler?
what units is this portion of the ruler in?
what year is labeled on the leather holder?
what measurement is marked on the ruler?
what year is this taken?
what is the left number?
what letter is directly under 10?
what is the measurement of the little flower?
what is the max measurement possible?
who made this ruler?
what numbers are at the bottom?
is that a phone number at the bottom?
what is the last number shown on the ruler?
who is this photo credited to?
what is the lowest number shown on the ruler?
what is the highest number?
does this ruler have 1/3 on it?
are the numbers on this ruler black?
what year is shown on the sticker?
how large is this item?
who wrote the book?
what is the author of boys like her?
what number is in the center above the rock?
what number is in red?
what is the biggest number on the ruler?
what number is on the elft?
which unit of measurement is visible on the ruler?
what is the unit of measurement at the top?
how many gb is there?
what is the brand?
what are the two letters on the bottom right hand side?
what kind of worm is written on the ruler?
is this a laser and design ruler?
what kind of enamel is this?
what kind of paint is used?
what is the left most number on the ruler?
what numbers are the seed in between on the ruler?
what unit of measurement is this?
what company made the circle?
are these actual numbers?
what unit of measurement is labeled?
what is the website on this?
what is the phone number?
what is the company advertised on the blue sign?
what light are they asking is on, on the bottom sign?
what does the sign on the far left say?
what does the sign on the far right say?
what lake is nearby?
how far is the lake?
what time does the clock say?
what channel is grease going to be on?
what is the search of?
what is a nice place to stay on the internet?
what brand of internet?
what is the number of the defending player?
what is the team in black?
how old is the birthday boy?
what occasion is nobumi celebrating?
what number is on the flag?
what is on the green banner?
what size, 'boy" does the sign say?
what's the score?
what is the name on the back of the hooded man's shirt?
what auto company is a sponsor?
what street is public?
is it a street or an alley?
who is playing?
what arena is this?
what happened in 2013?
what two letters are behind the home plate area?
what is the brand mentioned on the right side?
what fast food logo is on the ice?
what is the current high score on the scoreboard?
what is the brand advertised at the top of the scoreboard?
what airlines is advertised on the big screen?
what is the name of the stadium?
what is the name of the park?
is the sign welcoming you?
what stadium is the game taking place?
what credit company is a sponsor?
how many runs did the lah-de-dahs score in the 4th inning?
what is the team on the the top?
what airline sponsors this stadium?
what auto parts store is on the scoreboard?
who's home stadium is this?
what is the name of this ballpark?
who is leading the game?
what venue are they playing at?
what is the team logo in the middle of the photo?
what does it say above the screen?
how many minutes are left on the clock?
which team won?
what is the sport being played?
what is the score?
where is the game being played?
what is the name of this ball park?
is johnson at the top winning?
what brand of soda is on the board?
who can win ?
what beer company is above the board?
when was this picture taken?
what drink is being advertised?
what nfl team is on the banner near the bottom?
in which state is the hockey game being played?
underneath the scoreboard what company in yellow is being advertised?
what is the name of the sports store on the board?
what is the website for the car ad on the top lft?
what news source is advertised?
what is the name of restaurant on the sign?
what player is on the display?
what bank is on the scoreboard?
what park is this at?
what team is listed first on the scoreboard?
what's the name of the baseball park?
what is the name of the baseball stadium?
what car company sponsors this field?
what soda brand is advertising at this arena?
how many points do the bulls have?
how many points does stanford have?
what university is written in huge letters below the scoreboard?
what time is shown under the heading time?
what is the time?
what was the score?
what team is the stadium for?
what is the name of the beer that on the score board?
what team is mentioned on the score board?
how much tie is left on the clock?
what league is this?
what is this stadium called?
what beer brand is advertised on the sign?
what brand is advertised with a red background?
what soda is a sponsor?
what is the model of this device?
which school plays their home games here?
where was the game held?
who has 15 points?
how many outs has the player had?
what beer is the sponsor on top of the scoreboard?
what company is advertising on the green banner?
what soda advertisement is on the billboard?
what team are the phillies playing against?
what chiropractor is advertised here?
who is the sponsor?
where is this game being played?
what advertisement is on the bottom right?
what time is it?
what video game is being advertised?
what is the year?
what is the score?
what period is it?
who is up to bat?
when you think of savings, what company should you think of?
what airline is listed above the score board?
what advertisements are on the wall?
what is the player number of the goalie defender?
what credit service is advertised on this soccer wall?
what credit card brand is shown?
what two leagues are these?
how much time is left in the half?
what city is ut medical center located in ?
that place must be quite hot?
what tv station is mentioned on the left?
how many points does oregon have?
how many points did usc have?
how many players are on the red team?
he will re spawn in how much time?
what is the camera showing?
which team is winning?
what is the time?
what is the current batters name?
what time is it?
who is the home team?
how many points do the guest have?
who is sponsoring this event?
what is the temperature according to the sign?
what ballpark is listed here?
which airline is that?
what is the airlines on the red background?
who is winning?
what kind of league is this for?
what is the 2nd highest score?
who is the sponsor of these world tour finals?
what sport are they talking about?
what gate does the flight to houston #712 board?
what is the name of the first city?
how many points do the celtics have?
what is the score?
what is the home teams score?
how much time is left in the game?
where is this game taking place?
what is the website?
what is the score?
what time is left?
what is the name of the sports drink on the left?
what is written on the top of the billboard?
who is playing canada at the game?
what is the date?
what flag is this from?
what bank is on the sign?
what baseball team is that?
what is the baseball field called?
who is the sponsor of the field?
does the business have fortune tellers?
what is the score of the game?
who is the beer sponsor for this game?
what soda is sponsoring this game?
who are the top six players?
what's the highest total in this?
how much time is left on the game clock?
where is the nuggets from?
what is the nuggets score?
does coke sponsor this sporting event?
whats the name on the red poster in the middle?
what park is this at?
who are some of the sponsors for this park?
what is indicated by the far right column?
what is the score for servia?
what is the bottom team listed?
what is the score of the game?
what is the name of the stadium?
which company is the basketball arena named after?
what is the score?
how many points does auburn have?
what is the t.v. logo on the sign?
what time is shown on the clock?
what frequency is this tuned to?
what location is this?
what was this chocolate specially packed for?
how many glasses is in every slab?
what field are they playing at?
what period is it?
what brand is displayed on the top red banner?
which bank is a sponsor at the baseball stadium?
what baseball stadium is this?
what is the name of player shown on sign?
what brand of beer is being advertised on the screen?
what is the contact information?
how many fouls have the dark team commited?
how long has the zoo been open?
what can you call home?
what time is it?
what beverage is being advertised?
what car company advertises at this stadium?
when did this pre-game event take place?
what time did it take place?
what two numbers are to the right of "10" in the white space?
what is the audio visual acronym on the left of the board?
what are the names of the two columns?
what is the price of premium?
what is the price of plus?
what are the two times mentioned on the scoreboard?
what is the current score?
which newspaper sponsors the team?
is pepsi a sponsor?
what does the big letters on top of the black poster say?
what do the white letters say?
what is the letter in the second row?
what vegetable is named on the poster?
what is the word in white?
what does the sign in the upper right say?
how much will you save?
what store is this?
what word starts with m?
what kind of deal is it?
is there a sign for a school shop?
what brand of phone are these?
what are the words in pink?
is this "lord of the ring" chines version?
what is the animal name on the book?
what is the name on the door?
what country is on the black book on the second shelf?
what is tony's last name on the book on the top?
who didn't do it?
what does the orange shirt say?
what organization is featured on the water bottle?
what does the atm dispense?
what kind of machine is this?
where was this photo taken?
what store is this?
how many letters are in the first part of the name on the sign?
what is the 2nd word on this sign?
how much is the organics?
what brand is featured?
what store is this?
what does the red sign say?
what brand is sponsoring this bicycle frame?
what brand of fruit?
what is written on the hats?
what brand are the red draws?
what color is the letter t on the boy's hoodie?
what letter corresponds to the second lowest shelf on the right?
what letter is shown on the left shelf?
where is the colorindex?
what is the title of the horizontal book?
what kind of drink is displayed on the top right?
whats the brand of the soda?
who uploaded this photo?
what letter is on the bookshelf?
what brand are these products?
have these products won awards?
what is the name mentioned on the base of the doll on the shelf?
what is the guy talking about?
what is the last letter on the podium?
what number is on the star?
what does it say under the star?
which baby gender is appropriate for this room?
his names goes wear?
in which aisle do you find bleach?
what is the price shown on front stand?
what is the word displayed in the neon lights sign?
what type of establishment is this?
what streaming service are they using?
what year is the calendar on the back?
what does the yellow sign to the left say?
what is the title of the black book with white writing?
who wrote the book "steamboat days"?
what's the title of the first book in the second row?
who is the author of happy halloween?
which beer brand is advertised on the clock?
what is the brand on soda on the wall?
what does the bottom box in orange say?
what is the first letter of the word on the bottom right box?
according to the poster, what should one be focused on?
what are the capital letters in white on the poster?
what is the name of the blue box of candy?
what type of candy bar is in the black box with white letters?
what is the first word in red on the sign?
what shop is this in?
where is the scooter originally from?
what is the bottom book title?
what are the names on green bins?
which name is ont he yellow bin?
what is one of the books on the counter?
is there a book about building barns?
how high is the security level in this airport?
what should be reported?
what family title is mentioned on the box below?
what brand printer is in the box on the floor?
what kind of fish are being sold?
is pizza available somewhere too?
what kind of candy is shown here?
5 variety of candy?
what month is it in this photo?
what type of comic has the large green letters on the cover?
what large name is on the framed picture on the shelf?
what month is on the bottom of the calendar?
what is the name of the town?
how much are those?
of what is this dictionary?
who wrote this book?
can a person buy soda in this aisle according to the sign?
what is the isle number?
what kind of review is seen on the right side?
does her shirt say "happiness" on it?
what is the title of one of these books?
what is the title of the book by david peace?
what is the name of the restaurant?
what store is shown?
what does it say in the round image on the window?
who is on the bottle?
what is the sauce?
what is the album up front?
what is the name of the cafe?
she represents what country's fish and wildlife service?
what is the book all the way on the right?
who wrote europe central?
are these books about human biology?
what is the top book about?
what is the brand on the monitor?
what is written on the white sign?
what brand are the bottles?
what's it say on the book?
the fourth book from the right on this shelf, what words is printed under the number 365?
what is the title of the book on the upper left?
what store is this?
what language is that in?
what is the name of the company?
what year is this bottle from?
what year was the wine bottled?
do they have "reign over me"?
are there any disney pixar movies?
what language is the text on the boxes?
what is the price on the shelf?
who wrote the second world war?
what does the girl's shirt say?
what is the name of the store?
what is that navy blue book?
what is the name of the blue book?
who needs to correct?
who needs to make a correction?
what is the name of the store?
what is the name of the store?
what is the room number?
what does it say next to the blue arrow?
what did the pink robot say?
what is the name of the next room over?
what is the book on the bottom right?
what is the word in front of planet?
what book is under iceland?
what number is in red?
can the red posters be made more readable?
what is the title of the large orange book on the top right?
who is the author of the big blue book on the right second shelf?
what does he apple?
how would you describe gauguin?
what does the book on the very top say?
what the sign thanking someone for?
what company name is on the machine?
what is the name of this hotel?
what is the brand name of the product in the blue carton?
what brand of batteries are on the belt?
what is the top left label say?
what is the bottom right label say?
what is the book title on the far right?
who is at work according to the middle yellow book?
what books do they have here?
what is the title of the blue book sticking out on the right shelf in the center?
how many kilograms is the item second from the right?
what series is the character from that the little girl is holding?
what is the title of the display on the table/?
what are they asked to share?
what is the year written on the back?
who wrote the book?
what time of books are marked with the orange sticker?
charlie wilson's what?
what's the name of the cereal on the bottom shelf in far left?
is that cheerios cereal on the bottom left shelf?
how much is the last items on the second shelf?
what does the metal sign say?
what brand is featured on the black display?
according to the green card, what did the cat do?
is this a coca cola vending machine?
who is this vending machine made by?
what is the white word on the book at the bottom?
what is the book about that is all by itself?
what letter is in the green block?
what is the letter in red?
what time does the clock say?
what number is the little hand pointing towards?
what is the name of the store on the shopping carts?
 what drink is mentioned on the brown cup?
what is the book to the left of the brown cup called?
what is the title of the book to the far left?
what movie is on the far right?
what number is on the silver containers?
the bottom right magazine has a robot called what on the cover?
are these books graphic novels?
what sign is this santa holding?
what does this dolls banner say?
what type of laptop is in the box?
what brand of computers are in the white boxes?
what is the single word underneath the statue?
how old is the person this balloon is for?
what does it say to do about turning 80?
what type of service is this?
where do you have a desire to go?
do they have a diary section?
what is the second word after grafica written in red on the wall?
what two letters are in the red circle?
forth and what?
what year is printed on the bottom?
what corner is it?
what brand is on the box?
what kind of transportation is this?
what is the giant letter on this train?
what is the app with the k logo called?
what kind of depository is it?
what kind of depository?
what number is next to mary's name at the top?
are pets allowed in the store?
what does the sign say on the top right corner?
what is the name of this cafe?
what is the name of the coffee shop?
is this a fun house?
what kind of ride is this?
what is in the jars?
what does the picture above the jars say?
is there any bengay on the top shelf?
what kind of bible is the blue book on the bottom left?
are these my book house books?
what is the phrase at the top of the display?
what kind of books are advertised?
what is the name of the book facing the camera?
what is this a market for?
which fast food restaurant is shown?
what is written on the white and pink banner?
what is the name of this library?
what can you do at the desk?
what is the date written at the top?
what is written before the numbers?
what brand is the coffee machine?
what is the biggest amount on the right sign below 8.00?
what company is adverised on the main display?
what brand is on the grey sign furthest to the right?
what's the name of one of the board games?
what is the name of the product is the nearby box on the right with the bugs on it?
what name is on the cd shelf?
what blue product is next to the computer tower?
what website is on the sticker?
how many years has it been?
is the text purple?
is that a library?
what company runs out of this building?
what is the store on the far right?
what date is mentioned on the cover of the book on the top of the stack?
what book did david duff author?
what are they promoting?
who is the manufacturer?
what year was this conference held?
what conference is this?
what is on the menu today?
what does the sticker say on the back of his laptop?
what letter is on the mans red hat?
what sign is written in black letters on the purple wall?
what kind of gallery is this?
which type of artists show their work here?
what restaurant is at the back of the store?
what brand is at the top of the banner?
what is being categorized in the middle bin?
what is this presentation about?
what type of approach does the slide talk about?
are those top pops magazines?
what word comes after que?
the number on the middle jersey is?
what chapter is this?
what kind of site is this?
is this a cafeteria?
what are the titles of the red and pink books on the right edge?
who wrote advertising research?
what is the title of the book with the red spine?
what type of store is this?
how many stores fronts are displayed?
what can be purchased on the right?
what is the game on the floor on the left?
what is in that pink box?
what is the name of the store?
what do they sell at the store?
what is the name of the video game company in blue?
what does the white sing say?
what is the name of the 2nd item on the 2nd shelf?
what is the name of the white book on the left?
what is the name of the red book on the right?
what is the movie on top of the stack?
what is the bottom right movie title?
what should you be?
what is the last letter on the grey shirt?
what is the title of the pink book?
where can i order?
what is written on the cups?
what kind of films?
what is the letter shown on the far left in the background?
what is the project on the white board?
what three letters are on the yellow post it notes?
what is the title of this book?
does one of the books say jens munk?
what type of catalog is shown?
what is the name of one of the black books?
what is the name of the first now handwritten cd from the left?
what brand is advertised?
what is the title on the orange box?
do they have a need for speed game?
what is the first leter of the blue book on the left?
what does the sign with the shoe prints say?
what hotel are these from?
what does the left most clothes say?
what brand of oats are in this kitchen?
what is in the box?
what is the title of the 6th book?
who is the author of the 1st book?
what slogan is shown above the window?
what is the name of the shop?
is the shop open or closed?
what is the purple book about?
what is in the orange can?
what is in the green and white can?
when should you vote?
what is the date on the middle poster at the top of the wall?
what does the word above the middle woman's head say?
what letters are visible on the left person's shirt?
what is the brand of diapers?
what brand of phone is used for these photos?
what word is painted on the 3rd piece on the top row?
what is inside this buildling?
where is this event taking place?
what is the woman's name printed on the large sign nearest to the camera?
what series of books are on the bottom shelf?
what is the book beside the plant?
what make of computer is this?
does the sticker in the back say ally?
what subject are the books on the back shelf about?
what does the right panel read?
what is written at the front of the stand?
what types of books are advertised on the alter?
what do the yellow letters say?
what does it say on the wall above the shelf?
what is the name of the toy in the clear box on the shelf on the right?
what letter is in yellow?
what alcoholic beverage is displayed on the wall?
where did the box come from?
whats inside the box?
what is the number on the top right corner?
is this the museum plantin morelus?
what is the word next to la at the bottom of the picture?
what is the name of her company?
when does it say her company was established?
is the sign in the back about clean energy?
what is the last word in the headline of the poster in the back?
according to the white starburst on it's cover, what is new about this edition of "the cluetrain manifesto?
what word is on top of the blue patch?
what is the name of the restaurant?
what is the name on the top left?
what is the yellow tape saying?
what restaurant is displayed?
what beverage brand is written in red on top of this machine?
what is the first name of the author, godin, on one of the books?
who wrote the right career moves handbook?
what year was the commemorative blend of tea issued?
what is the words in yellow?
what type of reference?
is this a legal library?
what does it say on the monitor in the background?
what is the last word on the cube signs?
when is special about april 2008?
what city is the park(ing) day for?
what are the three letters on the blue sign in the middle?
did he speaks about computer code?
what city is written above the play button?
which city is on the hoodie?
is there a book on warhol?
what is on the bottom right?
what is the product on the stand?
what kind of oaks are in the box?
what does the red book say?
what store is this?
the store is sears?
what is the name of the first book on the left?
who is the author of "chincano visions"?
what whiskey is on the nighstand?
what is the title of the red book on the left?
what does the black and pink book say?
one book teaches photoshop and what other program?
what time is it?
what day is it,according to the clock?
which number is the cashier closet to the camera?
what follow the a on the binder on the left bottom shelf?
what type of ethnic food is on the left?
what kind of sandwiches do they have?
where are you likely to find such like books?
what does the shirt say?
what kind of candy bar is on the t shirt?
what month was the photo taken?
what year was the photo taken?
what artist is this album from?
whos name is printed on the vinyl cover?
what is not allowed?
what does the ad say?
what's the number to the top right?
what is the title of the black book with yellow font?
what is the title of the brown book stacked on top?
which jazz artist is featured in memories of duke?
who wrote the book?
whose name is over the window?
what is on the right half of the screen?
what did the man on the right acheive?
what is the largest text in the picture?
what does it say at the bottom of the paper on the wall?
what type of storeis this?
whats the name of the third book on the bottom?
what is the title of the thick black book?
how long can i keep the books?
what is the letter in white at the top?
what is the name on the building?
what is dead ahead?
what is the arrow sign pointing to?
what is the name of this shop?
do one of the signs say "yay!"?
what word is seen in the second row from the right?
what is the name of this company?
what type of company is this?
what is the web designer's guide to?
what kind of coffee is being served?
what will happen if we press the button with red text?
what company made the blue box?
what would you choose in a library of your wanted to read something you had never read before?
what does the sign on the shelf say?
what type of business is advertised?
what does the banner say at the bottom?
what name is displayed on the poster to the right of the top bookshelf?
what is the album name in the left corner?
what color is the font in the title bone?
what does the post it say?
according to the sign, all you need is what?
where is the man speaking?
what is the orange can?
what is the brand of alcohol in orange letters on the middle bottle?
what is the name of the book on the left in the first row?
what type of vending machine is this?
what is the name of this establishment?
what nation is this company from?
what kind of company is it?
what is written on the top plank?
what scale are the first two things to?
what does the green sign say?
what is the top word on her shirt?
what kind of shop is this?
what kind of shop is this?
what is the name of the store?
what is the name above the atm machine?
what color letters is the brand name?
whos voice is mentioned in the picture?
what is written in pink?
what kind of cv is on the third book?
who wrote the 9th book from the left?
who is the author of invisibiles?
what word is on four of the black books on the bottom right shelf, to the left of the red book?
on the top row of books, what is the title of the one that is second to the right?
what is the name of this place?
is elritual a spanish restaurant?
does the bottom say hairpieces of modern ?
what is the name of the shoppe?
this is veskey bottles?
what is the title of the book?
which supermarket is this for?
where is the button do you push to finis?
a complete guide to what?
what anniversary is the calvin and hobbes book?
what kind of office is this?
whose army does the yellow board refer to?
are the little debbies on sale?
what name is on the banner?
what is the tagline below the name?
where is the art space?
what space is on the left?
the league of extraordinary what?
what is the title of the first book at the right?
what is on that bag?
are there items that cost more than $6.49?
can you buy sedal here?
is this an apple tv?
how many packs are in the whiskas bumper pack?
does this mean i need to wear a black hat?
what does the sign say?
what is the name of the book store?
what number is above the door?
what is written above the letters d and c?
what letter is in the purple square on the bottom right?
what brand is this display for?
what kind of roller is in the box?
what are in the rectangular boxes?
what is the price of the product shown?
what is there always according to the sign?
does solidarty work?
are these children books?
what is the title of the book with the frog?
what is the name of this store?
can you take photographs in the store?
what is the lodge number?
he belongs to what 66?
what company is shown behind the magazine stand?
what is the name of the paper on the bottom shelf far right?
what city does he love?
who loves ny?
what company is this from?
what area is the ad focused on?
what is the name of the bar?
is this a hotel or a business?
what is it called?
what is the website?
what is the company's name?
what is shown on the left?
what is the link to the photographer's flickr?
what site is written in the photo?
what is the name in red?
what type of shop is this?
is there an inspirational message in that picture frame on the desk?
what is the title of the bottom right book?
what is the title of the blue book to the right?
what is the title of the book second from the end on the right?
what makeup brand is shown?
how much did the lottery reach in the picture?
what register are these shopping carts near?
name one of the papers in the rack?
what is the title of the book above the kitten painting?
what year is mentioned?
what does the wooden letters on the bookcase spell?
what is the title of the series on the top right shelf?
whats number book is the series of the top right book?
what is the title of the white book with black writing on the top?
what number is written in green at the very left?
what is the year listed on the top of this page?
who is the dr's name on the card?
is this the card of a project director?
what is the name of the pink shop?
what type of business is on the left?
what number html is on the book?
what number is on the red java book?
what kind of bible is available on the shelf?
what is the name of the holy black book?
do they accept "layaway" plans?
what year is inscribed on the bottle?
are the shirts 50% off?
are these organic products?
what brand is shown on the seed packaging?
what address number is this store?
is the name on the side at the top camilla's bookshop?
what is projected on the wall?
what does the top of the item say?
what is the brand on the purple book in the right stack?
is there a book for physical computing?
what is the brand name of water in the blue machine?
who composed symphony no. 9?
what is the blue book on the right a review of?
what is the name of the book on the top?
what actress is shown here?
what male name can you see on the very top right?
what does it say in the framed picture?
what is the name of this store?
what word is seen in bright blue?
is the book at the top about freddie?
what volume in the series is the orange & white akira graphic novel on the left of the top shelf?
what is the name of this store?
what does it say at the top of the window?
what number is on the pink cover book?
what type of stew goes in the pot on top?
what does the top mug say?
what kind of encyclopedia can you see?
what numbers can you see on the top right?
what color is the word chaos?
what year does the tour take place?
who is bad?
bettie is a bad what?
what is the brand of hot sauce on the bottom left of the cabinet?
what book is black and white?
what is the name of the black book by nietzsche?
what is the name of the soda on the table?
what lottery is shown on the screen?
what year is the who's who book?
what is the top word on the french book?
the year on the blue screen is?
what is the presentation about?
what photography company took this photo?
what is the t shirt on the top left?
which section of the library is this?
what number is on the top of the page?
what is the big red letter on the shelf?
which letter is the giant red letter?
are some of these natural?
are they for cats to eat?
what day is mentioned on the sign?
what date is girls in ict day?
the lowest book on the right side has what written on its binding?
what business is this?
what is written on the bench?
what color is the word "lawson" in this picture?
do you are or disagree with that statement?
what city is the upper right book about?
is there denim in this section?
what country has people sitting by its desk?
what is the name of the cd?
distinct x lines connect what type of wood?
what does this convey according to the text?
what city is on the book on his desk?
what is the name of one of the books on the shelf?
does that look like a social security card on that board?
what two letters on a bottle can you see on the second to top shelf?
what is written on the jersey in the glass case?
can you rent those bicycles?
what is wrote on the first building on the right above the picture?
what is the number of the player kicking the ball?
what word is big and white on the board behind the player?
what number is the pitcher?
what does the text in the yellow box say?
what is written on the persons shirt?
is player 4 in this?
what is the last letter of the white text on the red jersey?
what number is the player in red?
9 red player?
which website is advertised on the right?
what jersey number is worn by the person in white?
what word is visible on the black jersey?
what is the name of the player in red?
what number is on the yellow jersey?
what advertiser is at the bottom middle of the screen?
which website is featured on the small white banner?
tho sponsors this field?
do all team members have nicknames?
what is the name of the man wearing green in the front?
what's the number on the back of the player's jersey?
what country is shown on the white banner?
what's the number on the back of the dark shirt?
what does it say on the chest of the player on the left?
what number is the player kicking the ball?
what is on the board in large font?
what number is the player in the blue?
what number is the goalie?
what is the number of the guy in red?
how much did this radiohead ticket cost?
what year was this concert?
what number is the guy in the lead?
what is the number of the guy in second place?
what is written across the top portion of the net?
is player 1 on the court?
what beverage is sponsoring this soccer match?
what do the boys shorts say?
what does the text on the furthest right boy's shorts say?
what is the name of number 3?
what number is ramsey?
what do their shirts say?
what number does it say on the shorts?
what is the number on the shorts?
what brand is printed on golf ball?
what country is this in?
what number is the person on the far right?
what's the team mascot here?
what is the bank on the blue sponsored banner?
what website is displayed repeatedly around the field?
what is written on the black shirt player's belt?
what television channel aired this fight?
who is the sponsor on the banner?
what is the name of the school these men are playing for?
what is the player in blacks jersey number?
when was this photo taken?
what number is the player wearing?
what is the number of the yellow shirt guy on the far right?
what is the phone of the advertiser behind the goalie?
what player is shooting?
what type of champions are they?
who is the advertiser on the blue sign?
what sporting goods team is on the banner?
what is written on the add directly behind the batter?
what credit card is advertised?
what razor brand is on a banner?
what number is the player in black?
what is the sum of the numbers that are on the players backs ?
who is playing in the game?
what type of meat are the hot dogs?
what wireless carrier is advertised above the scoreboard?
what brand of soda is shown in red?
what song is this women singing?
who is god blessing?
what part is listed with the letter f?
what does the label d indicate?
what words are seen on the orange sign?
what is the number on the blue and yellow jersey?
which team is wearing red?
what shoe brand is represented on the red teams shirts?
who plays number 14?
what is the website given on the ring?
what is the player number in the red/white jersey?
what color is the jersey number 17?
what camera company is shown in red font?
what number is on the blue player's shirt?
what is the number on the left person's red jersey?
what is the visitor's score?
what soda sponsor is on the top?
what does the sign say, in white and black, behind the athlete?
what number is her jersey?
what company name is on their shirts?
this is drinks?
what is in green on the top right?
what clothing brand is being advertised above number 5?
does that sign say hello tomorrow?
what is the website at the very top?
how much time is left in the period?
what is the score?
what does the red word say on the side?
where does the signs say welcome too?
what number on the back of jersey?
what number does the player have on his back?
what number is the green team?
whats the name of the green team?
what is the frontmost player's number?
what country is likely represented here?
is this north or south china?
what should one make?
what does the first word at the top say?
what else is advertised besides just service and selection?
what is player 12's name?
what number is the woman with the orange shirt?
what number is on the back of the white shirt?
what kind of dance is mentioned?
what word is on the sign?
what is the number on the black jersey?
what is the number on the white jersey?
what number is the kid in black and red stripes?
what number is the person on the left?
what is the number of this player?
what's the number of the player taking his pants off?
the number is thirteen?
what bank is mentioned?
who are the people that get it?
what kind of club is this?
what is the company written in green?
what is the number of the racer in the purple tank top?
what is one of the brands on the walls of the stands?
what mlb team plays here?
what car brand is shown here?
what is ford advertising?
what's her jersey number?
what number is the player on the left?
what word is before stadium on the large banner?
what's the red flag state?
what number is the player on the right?
which number is on the orange jersey to the left?
what number is the player in the light blue?
what number is the player in dark blue?
what is the jersey number of the athlete who has control of the ball?
what word is written in white?
what is the boy's player number?
what is the boy in yellows jersey number?
what word is displayed on the orange sign?
what letter is red?
which football club is sponsoring?
what are some of the sponsors of this soccer match?
what team is playing?
what sponsor has a yellow sign?
what yardline are they centered on?
what letter is spray painted on the middle of the field?
what is the guy's number?
what is his last name on his shirt?
what website is on the wall?
what bank is a sponsor of this ballpark?
what is zimmerman's jersey number?
what team are these athletes from?
what is the girl's jersey number on the blue and white team standing on the left side?
what is written on the sign in the backgroun?
what uniform number is the player in red?
what car sponsors this event?
what soft drink company sponsors this event?
what car brand is the sponsor?
which company is advertised on the banner on the far right?
what letters are shown on the blue background?
what is the goalie's number?
what number is the top right, dark shirt player?
what brand is on the red shirt?
is the word adidas on the front of the man's shirt near the front ?
what number is the man to the far right?
what is the middle man's number?
what is the man in green's number?
is baseball popular outside of the us?
what is the player in white's number?
what is the number of the guy on the ground?
what does his shirt say?
what number is visible on the far right?
what is the beverage brand on the advertisement  banner?
what brand is advertised on the center bottom banner?
who is an advertiser?
what is thornburys score?
what is the number of thornbury verses visitors?
what company is in the photo?
how many seasons, according to the banner on the far side of the field?
welcome to where?
whats the name of this field?
what is the name of the stand in the background?
who is the stand named after?
what number is the man in orange?
what is the players number second from the right?
what is the players number third from the right?
what kind of blues is mentioned on the white sign?
what is the numbers on the back of the black shirts?
what number is the kid in green?
what is the last letter of the word on the green jersey kid?
what is the plater in red's number?
what is the time on the clock?
what website sponsored the field?
what is written on the ball?
what number is on the players top?
what is the player number of the person on the bottom left?
what is the player number of the person on the bottom right?
what hashtag is on the field?
what website is displayed?
how many goals did liverpool score?
how many goals did villa score?
what word is in white on the black sign?
what are the three clear letters to the right of the blue ball symbol?
what company delivers more?
is player 11 on the court?
what is one of the players numbers?
what is the middle player's number in red?
what is the stadium's team name?
what does it say on the orange ring around the stadium?
which country do the players in blue and red stripes represent?
what is the number of the player with his back turned?
what is the sponsor name on the sports jersey?
what number player is trying to make a tackle on the ball?
what soda is advertised on the back wall?
what is the url on the goal post?
how much time is left on the shot clock?
what is the player number?
what brand of water is advertised in the dugout?
which team do these guys play for?
what does it say in green?
what number is the player on the left?
what is on the cooler?
what's written on the white shorts on the right?
how much time is in the game?
who is the game sponsor?
who is the middle sponsor?
what is the number of the red player near the referee?
left players number?
what sport are they playing?
what number is the man in red?
what is the player number of this player at the front?
what team is mentioned on the black advertisement on the wall?
what is the name of their team?
what is being advertised on the back fence to the right?
what brand of macaroni and cheese is this?
what soda is a sponsor of the ball park?
what number can be seen in the man's jersey?
what kind of ball is this?
what is the ball made of?
what number is the man walking away from the camera?
what company is on the back banner?
what is the beer company advertising in the back?
what soda is shown on the top of the score board?
what is the player number in red?
who is the sponsor second from the left?
what is written on the boxer's gloves?
what video game system is advertised here?
what network is it??
what number is shared by the two players closest to the camera?
what is the number of the player on the left?
what is the name of this stadium?
what league of game is this?
what is the player in white's number?
what is the word on the bottom of their shorts in the triangle?
how many points up is michigan?
which stadium is on the sign?
what is the word after splash?
does fly emirates advertise here?
what is the word on top of the number 5?
what is his number?
what is the jersey number of the red player?
what number is the blue player?
what does the light blue sign say?
what is that website name?
what does it say on his shirt?
what airlines is advertising?
is gazprom an advertiser here?
what team is playing?
what team plays for kansas city?
what is the player number of the person wearing yellow who has their back turned?
what is written above the number 3 on the player's back?
what letter is on this banner?
what is the large word in the back on the ad?
this paly the match?
what number is on the players shorts who is not part of the bunch?
what city is this team from?
what is the name of this stadium?
is coke a cola a sponsor?
which company is being shown on the banner?
what does the banner in the top right say?
what is the number of the player at third base?
what is the name of the sponsor in the corner on the left?
what word is written in blue on the banner near the corner?
what player is on the right?
what is the number of the player in green in the middle of the three in green?
which player is that?
what letter is on the wall?
what state does this game take place in?
what is the furthest to the right in the dugouts number?
what brand of water has a sponsorship at this stadium?
how is the water taste described?
is the stadium named after verizon?
is the location of the venue sponsored by verizon?
what city is on the green jersey?
who are the white team?
what number is the girl in red?
what's this park called?
what beer sponsor is being advertised?
what soda brand sponsors this ballpark?
what is the channel shown on the microphone?
what team is he playing for?
what team is playing?
what company sponsors the field?
what is the jersey number of the girl in front?
what type of service is being advertised on the white banner?
is nikon a sponsor?
what advert is on the wall?
what is the name of the player on the corner post?
what jersey number is the third player from the left?
what is the sponsor's name in white letters on a red background on the jersey?
what sponsor can be seen on the banner?
what number is the light green player?
what does it say around home base?
what does the text in the blue semi circle at the bottom middle of the picture say?
what brand of jerseys are they all wearing?
what is on the front of the shirts?
what does it say under "power!"?
which team name is shown above the seats?
what company sponsors the white banner?
what is the large orange letter on the signboard in the back?
what kind of bar is available?
what is the jersey number on the right?
what is the jersey number on the left?
what number is either of the players on the field?
what letters are on the banner behind the players?
what is the jersey number of the player in orange?
what number is the player in the yellow shirt?
where is this?
what is written on the wall of the building?
what number is the player in white?
what is on the players arm?
what letter can you see on the field?
what is the name of this marathon?
what is on the banner?
who is playing the game?
what is the players number in the red and white shirt?
what insurance company is a sponsor?
what is the number on the white jersey?
what number is the player who has the ball?
how many seconds are left on the shot clock?
what is the man on the rights jersey number?
which number is on the jersey?
what number is on the yellow shirt?
what number is the red jersey in the middle?
what is advertised in the red letters?
what player number is in red?
what brand or name is on the wall of the stands of this stadium?
who is the sponsor in red?
what name is on the back of the jersey that has the number 2?
what number is on the shorts of the player with the red stripe?
which team is in green?
what is the name on the front of the white shirt?
what brand showing on the white shirt?
what school is the blue team?
what is the player's number with a yellow stick?
what's on the tv crew shirts?
what is the road to?
what basketball team is it?
what number is the guy standing on the far left?
what company advertised during this parade?
what 3 letter word is written in white on the red banner?
what number comes before bet?
what number is the man in red on the left?
what number is the player who is on his knees?
what does the nike banner say?
what brand is on his sleeve?
what number is on the closest member's jersey?
what did it go to?
what are the three letters on the poster at the far right of the picture?
what is one sponsor?
which company is sponsoring the team in red jersey?
what is the screen asking?
what brand is the yellow board advertising?
what number is on the player's jersey?
what's the first letter on the banner?
what is the name of the basketball team?
what is the number on the jersey to the right?
what is one of the companies on the walls?
what country is listed on the advertisement board?
which continent is featured on the red banner at the bottom?
who is one of the sponsors seen in the background?
what is the number of the black shirt running up to the hugging girls?
who went live?
what do they allow customers to do?
what cup is being won?
what nation is having this cup?
what number is the player in black and red?
what number is the player in blue wearing?
does dunkin donuts advertise here?
what is the phone number shown on the ad?
what should you wipe the machines with?
what is the first word displayed on the yellow sign?
what number is the player in the white shorts?
what is the name of an advertiser on the wall?
what number is on the jersey?
what type of industries is written on the back wall?
who sponsors this ballpark?
who do the red team play for?
what number jersey is the person all the way to the right?
is the number 3 on the front of the boy on the left?
what advertisement sign has a repeating logo next to it?
what is the number of the player falling down while trying to tackle the man holding the ball?
what is the word in white text on the red banner>?
what number is he?
what 3 letters are on the left sleeve of the players shirt?
who is to hit the decks running?
what trucks company is listed?
what is the player's uniform number?
what is the name on the back of the shirt?
what is the front player's jersey number?
what is the name of the sports team?
what is the lowest jersey number that is visible?
what team do the players in white play for?
what credit card is advertised?
what team does the man in blue play for?
which country manufactured the ball in the picture?
what company manufactured this baseball?
what brands are advertising at this game?
is this a race competition?
how many yards?
what number is on his jersey?
which company sponsors this team?
what brand sponsors this blue jersey?
what is one of the words on the red jersey?
what company is being advertised on the blue billboard?
what name is seen on the side of the table?
what number is the player?
what company logo is on the left of his jersey?
what country is in the headline of this article?
what number is the player on the far right?
what is the number of the player in red that is between the two players in yellow?
what is the number on the back of the closest player's jersey?
what is the player number of the player with the ball?
what number is blue?
what brand is in black?
what is the player number of the green player running towards the camera?
what is the number of the red jersey second from left?
what does his hat say?
what letters are visible in black on his jersey?
what is on the red jersey?
what number is the player in blue?
what number is the player in the white jersey to the far left?
what is the players number in the front right?
what team is in the red jerseys?
what is the jersey number of the girl on the far left?
what is the team name for the middle girl in red and white?
who are the two teams playing field hockey?
what is the girl's jersey number in the front?
what letter is shown red shirt?
what number is on the shorts of the player in blue who is jumping?
brand name in the white sign back there?
what kind of paint is it?
what number is the blue player?
what is the player's number?
what number is the girl's jersey in blue?
how many digits is the player number of the girl in blue on the left?
when are hardcourts open?
what kind of sign is he in front of?
what number is he?
what team does the batter play for?
what number is the batter jersey?
what number is the player in yellow?
what is the name of the company near the right shoulder of this player?
what does the clock say?
what is advertised left of center on the bottom?
what brand is advertised?
what drink is advertised in the background?
what radio station is it?
what number is the white shirted player?
what brand is the white jersey?
what is one of the sponsors advertised in this stadium?
what year did this take place in?
what kind of camp is shown?
what does it say on the flag behind the boy?
what competition did the boy win?
what does the big blue sign in the crowd say?
what number is on the blue jersey on the right?
what number is the player in the orange jersey on the left?
what state is this likely in?
what is number 15's name?
what is the name of the team of the man in the red shirt?
what's the color of the numbers behind the dark t-shirts?
what is the team name of the player in white?
what number is the player in black wearing?
what is the number of the player in the red  shirt?
what is the word written on the floor closest to the player standing on the ground?
what is the name of player 41?
what player number is the player on the left?
what number is the solid red ball?
what does the rest of the post say?
what website is advertised?
which military branch is named on the guy in blue's shirt?
what word is found on the blue jersey?
what is the number of the player on the far right?
is this game sponsored by td?
what is the first letter on the back of the catcher's jersey?
what country is mentioned on the jersey?
what is written on the left side of the back sign?
what number is one of the players here?
what brand is on the pole?
what jersey number is the man in the pink wearing?
what does it say on the corners of the ring?
what stand is the middle one?
what is the name of the stafium?
what number is on the jersey of the man to the far left?
does the sign in the back work to help young people?
what brand is on the man's jersey?
what is the name of the company being advertised on the banner?
what is player #8's name?
what tribe owns the casino and resort?
what country is the baseball field in?
who advertises in this stadium?
what number is the defender?
what number jersey is the red player?
what number is on the man in whites jersey?
what car sponsor is featured on the right of the court?
what does the sign say in the background, telling what you are?
what letters are above the nike logo on the black shorts?
what is the number of the goalie?
what is the word above the number 12 on the front of the player's shirt?
what number is the guy in the red shorts?
what is the number of the plater on the left?
what's the number of the player on the right?
what country is on the back of the man's shirt?
what country name is on the white shirt?
what are the three letters in front of logistics on the banner?
what number is on the white jersey?
what is the brand of the drink on the poster?
what number is written beside the pepsi brand?
what brand is advertised in red?
what brand of soda is seen here?
which fast food company is sponsering at the game?
what country is hosting this event?
what number is on the blue and white shirt?
what is the number on the jersey?
what number is the person in the green jersey?
what number is on her shorts?
what is the sponsor of the team?
which company is advertised on the dark blue banner?
what number is on the back of the jersey?
what does the front of the shirt say?
what number is the player in blue?
what name is the player in blue?
who is the sponsor of the game?
what jersey number is the man currently batting wearing?
what letters are visible on the wall of the dugout?
what jersey number is the player on the right?
what is the leftmost sponsor on the sideboards?
what is this soccor players jersey number?
what number is on the boy's jersey on the far left?
who donated these balls?
what were these donated from according to the paper?
what player number is in blue?
what number is the player on the right in red?
what beer brand is advertised above the stands?
what is the name mentioned on the blue jersey?
what are the numbers on the right?
what time is shown in this picture?
what is the womans number?
who is a sponsor of the game?
what number is in the back by the net?
what branch of military does his shorts say?
what car company advertises at this stadium?
who is a sponsor?
what is one of the team member numbers?
what city is the pitcher from?
which company's ad is displayed on the orange sign?
what number is the player on the very right?
what team does the blonde man in red play for?
can you see the word cooperative on the board behind the footballers?
what is the number of the player in the green jersey facing away?
what is the number on the jersey?
what stadium is this?
whats the number on the wall?
what is one of the players names?
what is the player's team?
what is the website shown?
what credit card company is displayed on the wall?
what team is represented on his jersey?
what does the mat say?
what is written on the white belt?
what kind of kit is advertised?
what number is the player who has fallen down?
which company is advertising on the banners?
what number is the player?
what sponsor is in red and white lettering?
what letter is on the stands in white and very large?
what is the top word on the light blue shirt?
is the first kid running for the trojans?
does it say miner in the back?
what does it say on the top right?
what number is written in white on red?
what letter is seen on the front of the shirt of the boy in yellow near the goal?
what is the number of the player in the blue shirt?
what number is on the white t-shirt?
who did hank aaron play for?
is this an article from ebony magazine?
what number is on the middle player with the white jersey?
the number on the far right players is?
what kind of time is on the adboard?
what logo is on the score board?
what athletic company is written next to the red triangle on the big sign?
what shoe company is advertised here?
what is the jersey number of the man on the left?
jersey number on the left (white)?
what number is on the player in whites jersey on the right?
what sponsor do you see?
what does the board in the back say?
is there a player labled with a number?
what is the name of this stadium?
what is the score?
what shoe advertiser and brand is shown on the man's clothing?
what oatmeal company is on the man's jacket?
what player number is the player on the bottom?
what accent color is used with the red uniforms?
what soccer team is on the picture?
according to the infographic, what is the venue for this match?
what number is one of these lacrosse players?
what number is the man in white?
what is the team school name?
who is sponsoring this stadiium?
what is the number on the green shirt on the right?
what number is on the back of the player in blue?
what number is the jersey in green?
what is the jersey number of the green jersey?
what school is this field a part of?
in what city is this university field located?
what is the name of the advertiser seen on the pole in the bottom right?
who won the game?
what are the two large words on either side of the clock?
who sponsors this field?
what is the number of the red jersey?
what number is on the red shirt?
what number is the baserunner?
what player is the third baseman?
what number is the man in pink?
what player number is the person in white?
how far along are we into the game?
what is the number on the green jersey?
what number is the player in green?
what is the name of the game?
what is the tagline of the poster on the left?
is geico advertising here?
what number is on the back of the players jersey?
what are the numbers on the far right in the background?
what is the first letter of the name on the blue jersey?
what player number is the guy in yellow shirt?
who is a sponsor of this team?
what's the name in the middle on the very bottom?
what two big white letters are on the sign to the far right?
what is the number of the player in blue?
what is the man in blues jersey number?
which city is this stadium in?
what is the name of this stadium?
what number is the leftmost red player?
what shoe company is being advertised?
what is the drink company in blue next to the goal?
what brand of automobile is advertised?
what type of fight is this?
who is playing the game?
what number is the man in the middle?
what is the number of the ref?
what number is the mans top?
mms does commercial and what else for contracting?
what are they playing?
what is the number on the blue jersey?
what does it say on the shirt of the guy in white on the left?
what team do they play on?
what number is the girl kneeling on the right?
what beer company sign can be seen?
who sponsors that team?
this is what team's field?
what is the brand with the "all rights reserved " symbol right next to it?
what does the black shirt say?
what brand is on the banner in the middle?
what number is in the middle of the court?
what is the first word of the top banner in the background?
what initials are being advertised boldly on the white and black sign?
what is this player's number?
what school's stadium is this?
what number is the player in the green jersey on the bottom left wearing?
what name can be read on the seats?
is there a 40 yard line?
what is the jersey number of the man in the red jersey?
what is the name of the restaurant in the middle?
what is the mans number who just threw in the ball?
what number is on the jersey of the person with their back to camera?
which companies have sponsored the sporting event?
what beer company is a sponsor?
what is the name of the company advertised on the far right?
whats the date on the picture?
what game are they about to watch?
what is the name of the football team wrote in the grass?
what brand are his pants?
what beverage is being advertised on the left side?
what is the number of the sport sponsor?
what number is on the green shirt?
what kind of surfaces?
what is soft surfaces' website?
what country is mentioned in this picture?
what company has sponsored this event?
what is the runners number?
what team name is on the girls shirt?
what is one brand being advertised?
what bank is on the blue sign?
what player number is the goalie?
what number is the girl on the far right?
where is this gold plantation located?
what is pinecroft?
what number is the player on the far right?
what is the number of the player in purple?
what number is on the back of the black jersey?
what year was this pic taken?
what is the red letter to the far right of the image?
what brand are the socks?
what finance company is advertising on the back wall?
who is on the red sign?
what place is this team from?
what letter is printed on ever players shirt in white?
what is the player's number who is wearing a blue shirt and bent over with one hand on the ground?
what is the name of the red team?
what kind of club is he in?
what number is the player on the far left?
what letter is on the player's hat?
what number can be seen on the jersey?
what does his shirt say?
what is the screen telling us to eat?
what state's touchdown line can be seen?
what is the jersey of one of the players on the bottom row?
what is the man infront of the man in yellows number?
what does the advertisement want you to do about the event tomorrow?
what event is scheduled for tomorrow?
what is the bridge mentioned on the black jerseys?
what number is the stone bridge player on the left wearing?
what is the text on the red sign?
what is the score?
what are the words around the soccer ball under the cross?
what is the first word on the coat of arms on the table?
what does the sign in purple say?
what is the team name for the field?
what is the name of the team for this stadium?
what letters are written in the upper part of the stands?
what is the number on the jersey?
what kind of relief is on the jersey?
what is the name of the league this child is with?
what brand is the soccer ball?
what beer company is sponsoring the yankees?
what logo is displayed on the field?
what number is the man in orange?
who is sponsoring the game?
what is the number of the player with his foot on the ball?
what is the phone number on the white banner?
what brand is the tractor?
what baseball team is this?
what is the player number who is facing away?
which bank is advertised on the white banner?
what word is written on the sign above the right most player's shoulder?
where is this taking place?
what is the number on the kid's red shirt?
what is the number of the player on the far right?
what team do they play for?
what is the number of the person in the white shirt who did not jump?
what are one of the sponsors of this event?
has the game started?
who sponsors the blue team?
what is the name of the red team?
what time is it in this picture?
what bank is written in yellow text on the basketball court?
who sponsors the field?
what is the name of the stadium?
what website is being advertised?
what kind of support is shown?
what is on the white, back banner?
what number is at bat?
what team is the player playing for?
who is the sponser on the shirt for this team?
what is the number of the player in blue?
what is the number of the player in green?
what radio station is listed in the top left?
this a playground?
what is the number of the player who just kicked the ball?
whose name is written on the billboard in the back with the black background?
what player number is controlling the ball?
what team is playing?
what is one of the large brands visible?
what brand is on the blue jersey?
how many puma jersey are there?
is powerade a sponsor?
what television is sponsor there?
what is mccatty's number?
what is the brand on the red player's sleeve?
what is the number of the player that has black shorts on?
what is the number of the player in the red helmet?
what is the number underneath this baseball?
what number is in red and standing in the goal?
what color of the keeper shirt?
what is the number on the white shorts?
what number is on the back of the white jersey?
what sport is on the shirt?
who is this soccer player?
what is the date on the photo?
what are the 2 letters between the x's?
what is the logo on the post on the top right?
is there a player 3?
what is written on the banner on the bottom right?
where was this tournament?
what tournament is this ball from?
what team has the ball?
what number is printed on the african american mans shorts to the very right?
what number is the player jogging towards home plate?
what number is the player walking away?
what is the sponsor with the red background?
the sign says fly what?
is there a coca cola bottle shown?
what is on the man's shirt on the right?
which website owns this image?
what name is on the ad?
what is the brand of the purple uniform shirt?
how many letters are in the team name?
what is the boy closest to the goals jersey number?
is there a player marked with 4?
what drink is on the banner in the background?
what is us soccer's website?
what is printed on the first banner?
what foreign words are on the things that he is jumping over?
what color is the text on the thing that he is jumping over?
what jersey number is seen on the man about to kick the ball?
what does the bottom right text say?
what is the current game time?
what is wsu's score?
what is the hockey team name?
what is advertised on back wall?
what number is the player on the far right?
what number is the player on the far left?
what is the two numbers of the white team?
what is on the yellow shirt of the person in the middle?
what is the number of the red player near the referee?
what brand is advertised on the blue jerserys?
what number is the player walking forward on the left?
what division is the blue team?
which teams are playing?
what team do the fans supprt>?
what team is advertised?
what number is this pitcher wearing?
what team does the guy in the red shirt play for?
who is playing the game?
what number is on the white jersey?
what is number 1's player number?
what is the number of the player in green?
what is the name above 23?
where is this spray available?
what kind of protection?
what is the text on the white board?
show your what?
what is on the tennis ball?
what basketball association is displayed on these jerseys?
what is written on the backboard?
what number is on the pool ball?
what number ball is this?
what is one of the teams playing here?
what team is playing?
what is the man's running number?
what type of club is this?
who is the sponsor on the red banner?
what number is the guy wearing with the ball?
what number is the player on the right?
what brand is on the walls of the stands in this stadium?
what is a number of anyone in the white jersey's?
where is sagna in this picture?
what is the man on the left in reds jersey number?
what number does the player in the white shirt wear?
who is playing the game?
what number is the player on the right?
what's his last name?
what is the number of a player in blue?
what number is the goalie wearing?
what city is the stamp from?
what's the company that makes the mans yellow shirt?
what 3 letters are written in white on the player's jersey?
what number is on the black shorts?
what number is the left player?
what is the value of the stamp?
what is the stamp representing?
what number is the player in blue?
what is the name of the player in blue?
what type of federation is it?
what is the man's name on the left side of the photo?
what year is this happening in?
what website is on the wall?
what is the sponsor of the red and black striped jersey?
what does the black and red jersey's emblem say?
who makes the blue gloves?
what kind of punching back is that?
what is the number of the player?
what is the players number?
what is the name of this arean?
what team name is written on the arena floor?
who sponsors the soccer team?
what is the name of the company that took this?
what is the purpose of this book?
what is on the shirt?
what is written inside the yellow circle behind the tshirt?
what number is the player on the left wearing?
what player number is preparing to attempt a layup?
what company do these women work for?
what kind of zone is behind the hitter?
what does the green board say in the back where the crowd is?
what number is on his jersey?
what is the presentation about?
what school is on poster?
what number is on the man in yellow jersey?
the color of the numbers 13 is?
what team does she play on?
is neco.com a sponsor of that building?
what team does their shirts say?
what is the chemical element?
no flash what?
what is printed on the outfit?
what year is printed on the banner of the far left?
what team are they for?
what does the ov in ovguide stand for?
what number is the player in white?
what is the name written in the white jersey?
what are the initials of the runner's school?
what brand is the runner's jersey?
what is printed on the black shirt?
what's the name of the valley on the shirt?
what is the brand of the backpack?
who is sponsoring him?
what sport is he participating in?
where is the game design expo?
what month is the game design expo?
what team does the boy play for?
what is written on the front of the boy's red shirt?
how many more laps do they have left?
how many more laps are there?
what does the shirt say needs to be started?
what type of emergency sign is behind the players?
what word is on the man's shirt?
is that an easton bag?
what kind of lotto is the sponsor?
whats the lotto about?
what letter is on the sleeve?
what number is visible on the white shirt?
what initials are on the players jersey?
what team does this man play for?
what color is the mans uniform?
what type of club is on this guy's shirt?
when was the boxing club established on the grey shirt?
what is the brand name on the driver's hat?
what auto manufacturer sponsors this driver?
what number should i call?
what is the player on the rights jersey number?
what number is the runner?
what number is the guy on the right?
what size is this shirt?
who is quoted as saying what is on this shirt?
what is the text in bolded capital letters?
what number is the player with the ball?
what number is the player to the left?
what is the number of the player running to home plate?
what team are the white uniforms?
what's the number on the white shirt?
what number is on the blue jersey?
what is the name of the bank?
what sponsor or brand is on the man's jacket?
what is the name on the second place person's shirt?
what is his number?
what are the people dressed in pink?
what's the colour of the word on the back of the cheerleader's top?
what beer is advertised on the back of the cheerleaders?
what is the brand hat he is wearing?
what does it write in the hat?
look up. what is this fantastic player's jersey number?
what is written on the net?
what country is on the shirt?
what is the abbreviation on the woman's shirt?
which player is that?
what is players number with the ball?
what team is the baseball player a part of?
what are the initials of the cheerleader's school?
what does the sign say above the door?
what number is the player that has just hit the ball?
what are the last 4 letters of his team's name?
what number shirt is the batsman in green wearing?
what number is the man in the red jersey wearing?
what letter appears on the men's jerseys?
are the jerseys from the bruins?
who is number 11?
what are the players' numbers?
what team is this?
what word is spelled downwards?
what is the runner's number?
what is the player's last name?
what event are these women at?
what number is on the sign of the woman at the far left?
what teams jersey is this boy wearing?
is that the number thirteen on the front of his shirt?
what number is up to bat for the army team?
what team is this?/?
how do they want you to toss against the fence?
does that say soft toss against the fence on the top of the fence?
what number is on this shirt?
what three initials are on the right side of the shirt?
who is sponsoring this athlete?
what are these players' numbers?
what team does the man play for?
what number is the player who is dribbling?
what team does the player, play for?
what is the name of the shop?
who is playing the game?
what letter is on the green hat in the middle?
what is the brand of gear worn here?
what does her shirt say?
who sponsors the lady in orange?
what word is in cursive font on the white jacket?
what team is on this players sleeve?
what is the player number?
what initials are on the saxophonists tshirt?
what company is advertised on the far left banner?
what sport name is on the man's shirt?
what is the number of the player in the black jersey?
what player number is at-bat?
what is the name of the player batting?
what mortgage company is a sponsor?
what car manufacturer is depicted on the backwall?
what brand is used here?
what letter is on the helmet?
who is the first sponsor on this man's jacket?
what sponsor name is on the guys shirt on the left?
how many players are on the field?
what's the number?
what letter is written on the shirt?
what is the right player's jersey number?
is penske on the right side of his shirt?
what sport is this man attending according to his sign?
what is the team on his jacket?
what is the jersey number of the player shown?
what is the at bat players number?
what number jersey is that?
what is the players name?
what is the team name of what these men are part of?
what is on the man's shorts?
what is the number on the woman's sleeve?
is he on the southern team?
does the number 5 appear on any of the girls jerseys?
what team are they on?
what is number 3's first name?
what team is on the front of these jerseys?
what letter is on the old man's red hat?
what's the name of this team?
what is printed on the mascot's helmet?
what team is on the hat?
what is this players name?
what number is does both jerseys have in common?
what name is on jersey 11?
what is the name of their team?
what letters are seen on the black baseball cap?
name the brand in red?
what worlds does it say in the black circle?
what state are the cheerleaders cheering for?
what team is listed on the bottom of the scoreboard?
what letter is printed on the cap of this baseball player?
what number is this player?
what team does this man play for?
what technology brand is on the shirty?
what is the number on the jersey?
what number shirt is the player on the left wearing?
what number is the player in white?
what is the name of baseball team on the jacket?
what brand of socks?
what is player number 20's name?
what is the name above the number 14?
what team are they cheering for?
what is the team name for the cheerleaders?
what are the two letters on the girls uniforms?
who is playing in the game?
what is the number on the back of his white jersey?
what is the team listed on the white jersey?
what number is the pitcher?
what does his jersey say?
what meat does the restaurant say they use at the top?
what is the brand shown in the bottom right?
what is the baseball team name on the jersey?
what sports team is on the jersey of the man in the red cap?
what is the player's number?
what player number is this runner?
is that a w on his cap?
what number is on the jersey?
what is the number on the batters jersey?
what number is the player batting?
what is the name written on the jersey?
what car insurance is advertised at this game?
what team is on the pitcher's jersey?
what number is the catcher?
what does the shirt say above the banana?
what country is on the banner on the outfield wall?
what is the number of the pitcher?
what is the score of the home team?
what is the word wrote on the middle right beside strike?
what letter is on the hat?
what team is the pitcher playing for?
what number is the player with the glove?
what is mentioned on the front of the jersey?
what sport do these men play?
what letters are on his hat?
what city does the boy play for?
what is the name of this team?
what county is this team from?
what is cal building?
what school is this?
is banister the name of the player with number 28 on his shirt?
what number is the jersey of the girl on the floor?
what team do they play for?
is this a college in south dakota?
what is the last name of the player number 40?
what is the number of the last player in line?
what is the name of the tournament?
what team do the players represent?
what is this man's jersey number?
what are the team initials in the logo on the sleeve?
who is that player?
what college is listed on this shirt?
what is the name attributed to this college blow the logo?
what brand is advertised on the left billboard?
what is the number on the uniform?
what number is on the back of the shirt?
what team is shown?
what does it say behind the players heads?
what number of the guy in blue?
what is the 3 letters in yellow in the back?
what number is on the shorter player?
what is the number of the clopton player?
what does the sign behind the man's head say?
what is his jersey number?
what is the name on the grey jersey?
what number is on the back of the gray t shirt?
what is this man jersey number?
what is on the man's shirt?
what's the batter's jersey number?
what color is the number 15 on the back of the jersey?
what is this the home of?
what number is this runner?
what is the man a associate of?
what is the name of the baseball team?
what's represented on this man's jersey?
what team is the jersey for?
what number is on the jersey?
what number is large and white in this image?
who wears number 8?
which team does the boy in blue play for?
what are the last two words written on the wall on the right?
what is there a picture of on his apron?
name the black letters on the tank?
what is the player's last name?
what number is on the back of the banister jersey?
what is the name of the team the player plays for?
what letter is behind the person in the bikini?
what day is the shirt advocating for?
what is the date of the event?
name one brand this is supported by?
what is the sign on the top right for?
is 44 on the field?
what is player #44's name?
what number is pictured on the jersey?
what is the number of the runner?
what team is he on?
what is the brand mentioned on the red shirt?
what is the brand on green shirt?
what month is shown on the green shirt?
what is one of the company's advertising on the rink?
what number is the referee?
what number is the player?
what is the number of the player in the dugout with his back to us?
what mma league is this?
what is on the banner on the left?
what is the number on his jersey?
are bikes allowed to ride there ?
what will spread?
what is the blue jersey number?
what companies sponsor this park?
what letter is shown on the jerseys?
what is the number of the player on the far left?
is minda haas the words in the lower right?
what brand of shorts is she wearing?
what english word is on the woman's sports bra?
what is the of the team on her shirt?
which athletic apparel company is advertised on the girl's jersey?
what does this toolbag's hat say?
what does the sign say?
why is there no parking?
where is this ice bar located?
who is hosting the icebar?
what state is on the shirt of the men?
what number is childress?
what is the football teams name?
what number is the player?
what number player has the ball?
what is the team of the man with the ball?
what game does the cookie show?
what letters does the cookie have on it?
what is the name of player number 10?
what community college advertises at the ball park?
what numbers are displayed vertically behind the player?
what team does he pitch for?
what number is the girl on the right wearing?
what is the number on the right of the red shirt?
what country is shown on the woman's blue jacket?
what player number is getting ready to throw a ball?
what are the first three digits of the phone number in the back?
what city does the baseball player represent?
what is this players number?
what team does this pitcher play on?
what number is the player?
what is the visible player number far-left?
what is the name on the jersey?
what number player is up to bat?
what is the letters on the batting helmet?
what is the number on the players jersey?
what team does #15 play for?
in what country does the triathlon take place?
what type of battery is this?
what is the number on the shirt?
what do they do in that company?
"efan" is a brand of what profession?
what company owns this image?
what bible verse is being quoted?
who sponsored this pic/verse?
what team does this player belong to?
what is the mans jersey number?
what is the name of the highschool on her dress ?
what team does player 24 play for?
what letter is on this player's shorts?
what number is on the red t-shirt?
what is the name #10?
according to this shirt what action should be performed?
what is the top word written in green say?
what country is mentioned below the red line?
what kind of design is being spoken of>?
what is on the lanyard?
what team does the player play for?
what number is on his jersey?
how many 'p' do you see?
what is written on the inflatable cow?
what is the name of the sponsor at the bottom of this martial artist's shirt?
what type of martial art does this man practice?
what is the name on the jersey?
what word is listed on the girl on the rights shirt?
are they all stars?
name one of the people listed on the black board?
what word is visible at the top right?
what city is on the jump?
what is this jersey number?
who is the teams sponsor?
what chocolate candy bar can be seen at the bottom?
what is the name of the booklet?
what percent is this community owned?
what hotel is a sponsor?
what kind of business is terrace?
what number is on the player's shoulder?
does this players name start with "j"?
what team does he play for?
what letter is on his hat?
what team do the players play for?
what number is the player mertins?
what is the player's number?
what is on the shoulder patch?
what kind of basketball is this player using?
what is her team?
what participation number is the woman athlete wearing?
what number is the woman wearing?
what is written on the woman's top on the right?
what is the last letter on the woman's top on the right?
what team are these girls probably cheerleaders for?
what is the name of the team?
what number is this cheerleader?
who is sponsoring the shirt?
what brand is the man's hoodie?
he wear levis brand?
what beverage will be free?
what is on the man's shirt that the wrestler is holding hands with?
what team is playing?
what is the letter on the hat?
what team is this?
what should you text?
what does the acronym rcrc stand for?
what is the company featured on the bookmark?
what letter is on the cartoon character's shirt?
what's is the letters on the patch on the blue sleeve?
what team is he on?
what is the hall for?
what city is on the player's jersey?
what number is on the jersey?
what letter is found on the jersey?
what is the name of the batter's team?
what is the number on the second girl's t-shirt?
what branch of the military is this boy supporting?
what four letter word is displayed on each of the white and purple shirts?
what is the brand of the shorts the guy in green shoes is wearing?
is he from malaysia?
what is the word written above malaysia?
what are the letters on this mans shirt?
what is written on the man's strap?
what does the patch on the left say beneath the picture of the rocket?
what team do the girls on the left and right support?
what numbers are on the back of the black shirt?
what number jersey does lannan where?
what company makes this jacket?
who does the player play for?
what is the name of the school on the lady's jersey?
what is the number under the word point?
what team does the man play for?
what number is the player wearing?
what numbers are on the jacket?
who does the player play for?
what number is on his shirt?
who does this runner represent?
what brand of shirt is the runner wearing?
what does the patch on this player's upper arm say?
what is the first word on the sign say?
what team does he play for?
what number is the mets player wearing?
what kind of friends does the shirt say?
what are the words inside the crest?
what store brand is the pink shirt that the man is wearing?
what team is the player in yellow playing for?
what is the baseball players number?
what shoe brand is mentioned on the uniform?
what is written on this shirt?
what does the red sign in the back right say?
what is the first word on the jersey?
what is the type of oldies on the sign?
what is the name on the player's jersey?
what is the number on the player's jersey?
what message do these people believe in?
what does the white hats say?
do these people prefer gnomes or dwarves?
what word is seen on both men's shirts?
what is the player's last name?
what is the number for pepin?
what is the name of the public servant worker?
who made this photo?
what color is 'texas' on the right most cap?
what is the player's number in the background?
what is the number on the left of the number two jersey?
what does the teams hat say?
what team do these people represent?
is the brand on the strap the same as the camera bag?
what school does the wrestler with his arm up attend?
what battery brand is shown on the shirt?
what district are they in?
what number is garret jones?
is jones still on the pirates team?
what team jersey is the child wearing?
what number is on the jersey?
who is the sponsor of this racing uniform?
what number is on the mans back?
what sports team is represented here?
what national sports team logo is on the board behind the girl?
what does the banner say?
what year is on the banner?
what country is on the sash?
what team does this man play for?
what country's name is written on the man in the back's jersey?
what is on the front of his shirt?
what is advertised on his shoulders?
what is written in the yellow box?
what is the name of the shirt the kid's wearing?
who are the tigers playing on the score board?
what kind of medical office does the green sign advertise?
what should you adopt?
what is the brand of the blue shirt?
according to the shirt, should you buy or sell ?
what kind of field are the cheerleaders standing on?
what number is on the orange cone?
what shirt number is printed on the back of the player on the left?
what is the player number of the girl on the right?
what is the name of the company?
what number is centeno?
what is centeno's player number?
what team is the owner of the jersey?
what type of sign is on the door?
whose name is on the man's t-shirt?
what number is the player?
what team does the player play for?
what number is on the woman's shorts?
who was playing the stanley cup finals?
what team does this baseball player play for?
what is the mascot of the athlete on the right?
what number is the athlete on the left?
what's the name of the team on the shirt?
what is the number on the player's shirt?
what is the team name on their hats?
what brand made the jerseys?
is that one of the cubs players?
what letter is on the player's hat?
what brand of shirt is the baby wearing?
what is the last visible letter on the kid's shirt?
what team does he play on?
what color is the team name on the player jersey?
what does the sign say?
what is number on the one who is kneeling?
what city name is on the jersey of the team on defense?
what is the name of the team?
what is the man's number on the team?
what is the number of the girl facing the camera?
what name is at the top of the sweater?
what is written in the circle around mickey?
what date can we see in the top left?
what number is the player who isn't on the pitcher's mound?
what number has already been colored in?
what team does the boy run for?
what is the brand on the older gentleman's shirt?
what is the team name?
what player number is at-bat?
what brand of water is in the background?
what number is on the players jersey?
what is the word after "teen" on the sash?
what team is the player playing for ?
what is the name of the player's team?
what soda is advertised in this photo?
what number is on the red jersey?
what school name is on the front of the girls' uniforms?
the school is foxcroft?
what brand sweatshirt is that?
what year is shown on the sweatshirt?
what is the player's number?
what is the name written above the number 27?
who is one of their suppliers?
what team is on the jersey?
what name is on the shirt closest to the camera?
what number is redmond?
what is the name of the main sponsor of this athlete?
are they part of labour relief?
what team does the man play for?
what is the number on the girl shirt on the left ?
the color of the number 17 is?
what number is on who's jersey?
what is the player name for jersey number 1?
what is the number on the pitchers back ?
is dhl a sponsor?
what number is this player?
what is the name of the player up to bat?
what number is on the player's jersey?
what brand of gum is sponsoring this event?
which state are they in?
what does the shirt say?
what is the name of the soda on the chair on the floor?
what team are those girls cheering for?
who is the sponsor on their uniforms?
what is the name of one of the advertisements in the back of the players?
what is the mascots team?
what letter is on the batters shoe?
what's the name of player 42?
what number shirt is the person on the left?
what is the primary sponsor of the bottom(orange) jersey?
what word does it say on the jersey on the top?
what is the jersey number of the man on the left?
what team name is on the womans shirt?
what letter is on the lady's hat?
what is the name of the church on the advertising banner?
what is the website for the westo?
what team does he play for?
what is his jersey number?
what is the team name on the front of the uniform of the coach?
which team does the baseball player play for?
what is the name of the book?
what day is the event?
what team does this player play for?
what letters are abbreviated on the hat?
what sponsor is on the jacket?
what type of fuel is noted on the blue banner on his jersey?
what letter does this team's symbol look like?
what numbers can you see on the stands behind the woman?
what school are the cheerleaders from?
what airline is advertised to fly with on their shirts?
what team are they playing for?
what team does the girl belong to?
what number is this player?
what is the team of boys' name?
what kind of guy?
what kind of skills do they have?
what name is on the sport shirt?
what number is shown on the jersey?
what team does he play for?
what country is under the green star on the shirt?
what team is this?
what word has a red letter "s" in the middle?
what is the name of 99?
what number is on the mans red jersey on the right?
what is the number of payton's jersey?
is that the nba sign?
what size is depicted on the label of the pink shirt?
what is the first word on the pink shirt?
what team does the man play for?
what is wrote below the word ice?
what brand are the pads?
what is the batter's number?
how many digits are in the player's number?
what kind of t-shirt is this?
what is added to the t-shirt?
what is his shirt number?
is this photo from flicker?
where was this photo posted originally?
what is the number mentioned in the building behind the women?
what is the teams name on the players jersey?
what year is shown on the photographer's shirt?
what is the name on the hat?
what is the email address on the bottom of the picture?
what is the number of that sports player?
what is the team name?
what's the name on the back of the jersey that has the number 17?
what is the number on the shirt with lin?
what organization are these people working for?
basket ball player?
what number is this player?
how many sleepwear sets come with the flashlight?
what movie is this from?
what number is on the man's shirt?
is a man wearing a 33 shirt?
what team is currently playing defense?
what number can be seen on one of the jerseys in white?
what kind of danger is warned?
what number is on the jersey?
what is the brand of shirt the runner is wearing?
what does the patch near the fan's left shoulder say?
what league is advertised on the green patch?
what jersey number is the pitcher?
what number is the first baseman?
what is the name of this establishment?
what letters does the sign begin with?
what is the players number written on his jersey?
what is on the mans sleeve?
what player is the jersey?
what is the yellow shirt saying?
what does the red shirt say?
what are the letters on the wrestler's ear protection?
what team does he coach for?
what sport does this person like?
what is the last word on the bill behind the man?
what is the 3 letter work in the background?
what is this player's name?
what is the name of the drum line?
what number is this jersey?
what is the number on the players back ?
what is the name on the players back?
who number is the rightmost player?
what team is the player from that is receiving the award?
what team is he on?
who is a sponsor for the game?
what is the name of the company written in blue?
what beer is advertised on the blue sign?
what does the green sign at the top mention?
what's the name of the player in the middle?
what's the name of the player on the left?
what is the arena name below the monitors?
what color letters are shown?
what number is this athlete?
what athletic brand is his shirt from?
are his shorts adidas?
what kind of martial arts do they practice?
what two initials are on the person on the left shirt?
where is this person?
which professional baseball team does the man play for?
what is the player's number?
what letter is on the baseball player's uniform?
what is the insurance company on the back board?
what year is listed on the flag?
what does it say on the red portion of the falg above the year?
which player number appears to be shaking hands?
what two team members nubmers can be seen?
what player is this?
what is this player's number?
what letter is on their hats?
what team does the man crossing home plate play for?
what is the umpires number?
which team is this?
what number is on the frontmost players jersey?
what does the scoreboard say?
what is the red word on the wall behind the player?
what company is the white and red advertisement banner for?
what number payer is to the far right?
what number is on the far left?
what teams are playing?
what is the beer called?
what is the brand name on the wall?
in what language is the yellow  sing?
what number is the baseball player?
what is the saying on the t-shirt?
what should be made instead of war?
what is the player's number?
who is about to pitch the ball?
what is the persons' jersey number?
what number is on the back of the jersey of the player on the right?
what number is the person in the white shirt?
what are the letters on the mans red hat?
what is the blue text on the hat to the right?
what number is this player on his team?
what is the players name?
what town is the uniform for?
what is the tag line on the bottom?
who does this man put first?
what is this man's name?
is powerade a sponsor?
what number of the team is the man in the white?
what is the brand of boxing gloves?
what sport is mentioned on the back of the woman's shirt?
what number is on the black jersey?
what is the number of the girl with a ponytail?
what are the two letters you can see on the yellow bag?
what does number is on the sticker?
what is the time on the white paper?
what is the name of team the person play for?
what number is the boy?
what book of the bible is the quote on the wall from?
what kind of wings are they talking about?
who is the sponsor or brand on the man in white in the back?
what is the number on the runner to the left?
is budweiser a sponsor?
what advertisement is being displayed?
what is the pitcher's name?
what number is the pitcher?
what does the referee have advertised on his hat?
which apparel company sponsors the giants?
what is the first letter of the word on the sleeve?
what radio station who sponsors this game has, "new rock"?
who is copywrited with taking this?
what soccer team is he a fan of?
is there white text on the shirt?
what is the green team?
what brand is the suit?
what's the number written on the girl with a white shirt?
what number is on the girls shirt in white who is the furthest away?
what team are the cheerleaders cheering for?
what is grilled?
from the website shown, i assume this event is in the netherlands isn't it?
what letter is on the boy's jacket?
what is the name on the left page?
which city does this team play for?
what three numbers is in the background?
what brand is on the back brick wall?
is he in a band?
what team of lovable losers is featured in the magazine?
what year is the publication?
what is the number of the girl with a red shirt?
how many years has the bahrain triathalon been going on?
which team do these cheerleaders root for?
what are the numbers on the back of the girls shirts?
what is the name of number 7?
what is the name of the team the batter is on?
what does the blue sign say?
what is on his lanyard?
which company  is sponsoring this event?
what is the catcher's jersey number?
is the catcher wearing number 14?
what is written at the bottom of his shirt?
what number is the player?
what number is the baseball player sliding into base?
what state is on his jersey?
what letter is on his hat?
is the red hat a pga hat?
what letters are on his sash?
what type of team are the players on?
what number is the kid in red?
what building is in the background?
is the shirt blue and have a logo?
what college is this from?
where is a eistrar store located?
what's the tagline for eistrat?
in the background, who is the sponsor in red?
what is the pitchers number?
what team does this player play for?
what team does this child play for?
which major sporting goods company is sponsoring this player?
who's bathroom is behind the lady?
what does her sweatshirt say?
what number is this player?
is the pitcher wearing number 45?
what brand bag is held?
what is the third letter on the bag?
what is the team name on the jerseys shown?
what city hosted this competition?
what are the two characters in brown?
what company makes the caps that the players in the dugout are wearing?
what number is on the jersey?
what is one of the sponsers listed?
what number is on the boy on the right's jersey?
is the word "all" on the jersey?
what letter is on the shirt?
what is the number on the white shirts?
what festival are they planning to attend?
what is the number on the mans shirt to the right?
what cable company is advertising on the sign?
which team is he representing?
what man's name is written in white on the screen in the back?
what is his jersey number?
what name is on the basketball jersey?
what number is on the jersey?
which school is she cheerleading for?
what is the number of the player holding the trophy?
what is the minor league baseball team in nebraska?
what letters are on his sleeve?
what team does the man play baseball for?
what's the top word on his jersey?
what sports league do the cheerleaders represent?
what team are they representing?
what baseball team is on the jersey?
what is the number on the jersey?
what number is the player on the right?
what is the number of the player with his hand on his chest?
does she work for cablemas?
whats the big blue letter on the sign?
what is the mans jersey number?
what is the website affiliated with this video game?
what does the wrestler's shorts say?
what team is this drill sargent working out?
what is the players number?
can you see the numbers on the jersey?
what team does he play for?
what is his number?
are they working for mcn?
what is the name on the shirts?
what county is advertised in the background?
what does the man's shirt indicate that he is?
what is the team's name?
what is the teams sponsor?
what number is on her shirt?
what are people planning to do at this location?
what do the two women's t-shirts say?
what letter is on both outfits?
what do these people do for a living?
what lettter is on the shirt?
what is the player's number?
which accounting firm is sponsoring this team?
what sport are they playing?
what jersey number is the man wearing?
what is this player's team name?
what type of game is this player playing?
which fighting group is sponsored here?
what brand of beer sponsors the fighter?
what is the name of the bar?
is there a beach?
what sporting event is advertised on the background?
what is the number of the player?
who is the featured player?
what name is listed under the three stars?
what is the name of the team?
what is the player's number?
what banner is the advertisement?
what's their runner number?
what cell phone company is listed on the female runner's sign?
what is on the jersey?
what is mentioned on this person's shirt, in the middle?
what does the text displayed in the front of the purple shirt say?
what is the jersey number of the player in white?
what number is on this man's jersey?
who is sponsoring the event?
what team are these players associated with?
what is player number 26's name?
what letter is embosed on the mans chest?
what state is on the green outfits?
what city is on the blue shirt?
what team is on the shirt?
what year is on the guy on the right's shirt?
is that the letter t on the front of their caps?
what car brand is on the shirts?
what is the blue banner calling for?
what number is the kid in the red jersey?
the closest kid is wearing what number?
what is the number of the girl on the right?
which automobile company sponsored the shorts?
what number is in red?
what is the team name of the players huddled together?
what is the number of the girl on the further right?
what are the letters in the middle of his jacket?
is that hoody for a 100 mile run?
what's the first player 's running tag?
what is the name of this challenge?
what is this player's number?
what is simmons first?
what is the player's number?
what brand of baseball glove is the man wearing?
what number is this player?
what brand is the jersey?
what does his jersey say?
what is the website that is advertised?
what does the shirt say?
what hotel sponsors this field?
what is the number on the man on the rights arm?
what number is on the player's jersey on the left?
what number is on the boys shirt?
what number is the kid?
what number is carr?
what is the first letter on the pitchers shirt?
what number is on dudes pants?
what is the player number in black?
who are the sponsors on the wall?
what letter comes after the g?
what number is written on the person's arm?
what is the title of the poster?
what is this player's number?
what number is this player?
what team is on the jersey?
based on his shirt do you think this kid is a software geek?
what year is on the shirt?
what is the player's number?
which travel website can be seen on the outfield wall?
what electronics brand is on the athlete's jersey?
what is the jersey number of the player?
what's on his hat?
was he born in the czech republic?
what is the number on his jersey?
what are the initials on the runners shirt?
what does her shirt say?
what is the number on the back of laroche's jersey?
what is the shirt number of this baseball player?
who set three consecutive sales records?
3 in a what?
what are the words on the board?
what does the graffiti say?
what city was this event held in?
what number is this person?
what movie is this?
what does the sign at the bottom of the picture say?
what is the jersey number of the girl in white?
what number is on the back of the baseball players jersey?
what is the players name who is at bat?
what are they racing for?
who is the sponsor?
what is the number of the pitcher?
what is written on the man's jersey on the right?
what is the url on the airplane wing in the back?
what is the batter's number?
what team does this player play for?
what number is written on the jersey?
what does it say in capital letters on the black t-shirt?
what's their website link?
what is the number on the jersey?
what brand are the wrestler's yellow and red shorts?
what is this players number?
what is his team number?
what state is on the man's shirt?
what is the college name on his sweater ?
is he logo on the shirt a tiger?
what should you avoid according to the sign in the upper left?
what's written on the shirt?
what year is written on his tag?
what are some of the companies that sponsor this ping pong player?
who is the mans sponsor?
what is the last letter on his shirt?
is there a i on his shirt?
what is the team name on the woman's uniform?
what company has an ad at the top?
what is the umpires jersey number?
what university is advertised on the white shirt on top?
what does the logo say on his shirt?
what is the name of the baseball team?
what is the number on the jersey of the guy walking away?
what are the initials for the high school she goes to?
what is the name of the man wearing number 3?
what does it say on the box in front of the juggler?
what sport is written on the jersey?
who is sponsoring the marathon?
what year was this?
what number jersey is the man wearing?
does the jersey to the right start with the number 2?
what is the character's name playing golf on his shirt?
what team is in blue?
what number is the girl in red?
what is the name of the red team?
what number is on the back of the white jersey on the right?
what is the number on the person's back?
what team is this?
what is the man on the far rights jersey number?
what is the sponsor on the shirt?
what two letters are on the mans shirt?
what team is this?
what city is listed in the bottom right corner?
what restaurant is the player standing in front of?
who does he play for?
what is the name of the nutrition company?
this cricket play ground?
what race is he running in?
what is the runner's number?
what soft drink is being advertised on this court?
what is the number of the jersey on the man with the pink arm band?
what is the brand of the cap?
which player has the ball?
what is the name of the hockey team?
what brand is one of the hockey sticks?
what are the runners' numbers?
what is name of the building to the left?
is the text in english?
what does the guy's shirt say?
what is the team name on the players jersey?
what is the players number?
what number is on the shirt?
what is the name of the team on her shirt?
what country are these men from?
what olympic year was this photo taken?
what is the room number in the top left corner?
what does it say on the man's shirt?
what city is the banner?
what is the letters in the bottom right?
what does it say on his shirt?
what team does he play for?
what is the name on the jacket?
what is the name of the team?
what number can we see on the players jersey?
what basketball team is on the jersey?
what school is this runner competing for?
what is the runner's number?
what is this players number?
what is the company name on the young man's jacket?
what country is on his jacket?
what is the number of the batters jersey?
what does her shirt say?
what number is zimmerman?
what player number is eckstein?
what state do you think the player on the left plays for?
what college is on that sweatshirt?
what military branch is on the man's hat?
what is this image about?
what liquor brand sponsors this ball park?
what bacardi product is being advertised?
what is the player number of this pitcher?
does he play for southbend?
what is the first word on the man on the left shirt?
whats is written on the top of the paper?
what number is on the jersey?
what is the players name?
what baseball team does he play for?
what initials are on the players hat?
what letter is on the cap?
what kind if ring is this?
what year is shown on the left, on the person's shirt?
what is the name of player 99?
who is the sponsor of this team?
what country is represented on the envelope?
what association is this shirt advertising?
what is the sponsor on the front of their shirt?
is pilsener a brand of beer?
what year was the photo taken?
is this for freedom day?
what is the the mans shirt?
what sports company produces this athlete's shirt?
does asics brand sponsor this team?
what is the pitcher's player number?
what is the website associated with this ad?
what does the text under the smile say?
what number is on the back of the players jersey?
what is one of the brands advertised on the stands?
a welcome to what company?
who wears the number 2 jersey?
what jersey number is sported by urabe?
what number is the person on the right?
what is the name of the advertiser above the wrestlers?
what time is on the clock?
what number is the player in the red jersey?
what number is the blonde girl in the center?
what is the number of the girl on the far left with a long ponytail?
what is the name of the runner on the left?
what major american motorsport is behind the man?
what team does the baby support?
what does it say on the baby's hat?
what is the name of the player in the right photo?
what is written on the small square between the two mens names?
what tagline does team mcgraw use?
which foundation does the shirt support?
what is the middle girls number?
what is the number of the player without the ball?
what is the abbreviated school name on the uniform?
what is the team name on the shirts?
what number is on the bald man's tshirt?
what word is on the man who is upside down in front?
what two letters are on the ring post?
what city in spain is referenced on this shirt?
what does the large black text say?
what organization are the people in the orange vests probably a part of?
what is the website link on the sign?
does it say acg on their shirt?
what initials are on the shield?
what letter is on the pitcher's hat?
what is on the pink banner?
what word is on the ladies shirt?
what advertisement is on the wall?
what is the player to the left's number?
what number does crosby have?
what is the jersey last name?
what is the players number?
what is the name of the pitcher's team?
what team do these people play for?
what kind of animal is on the shirt?
who is crabby?
who sponsors this event?
what number is the player on the very right?
what does his tank top say?
what letter is on the right on the yellow part of the tank top?
what shape is written on the jersey?
what kind of club is advertised on his jersey?
what player number is the player on the left?
what is the website on the wall?
what bank is a sponsor?
who are the two players?
what number do they both have on their shirts?
what teams are these?
where they played?
what is the current high score of this pinball machine game?
what is the number on the player on the right?
what's written on the shirt?
what number does the player wear?
who is a sponsor of this race?
what shoe company is advertised on the top right of the shirt?
what company is the shirt from?
what brand of clothing is it?
what is the twitter handle of the man in the very light blue sweater?
what word is written in white on the panel above the computer screen?
what team does the baseball player play for?
what is the man's basketball number?
what team is the player on?
what is written on the leg band?
what number is on his jersey?
what is the brand listed on these undergarments?
what is the cut of the pictured panties?
what is the name on the back of the person wearing blue?
who's name is written on their buttons?
what team is this?
what is the number on the boys sports jersey?
what is the brand of the boys shirt?
what team does he play for?
what name is on the visible man's shirt?
what is the number on the woman's shirt in the middle?
what is written on his sweatshirt?
what is the abbreviation on his hat?
what team is he running for?
what is the name of school on the shirt?
what number is on the player with the black headband?
what tam does the pitcher play on?
who is advertising in the background?
what is the motto written on the jamestown awning ad?
what country is the athlete from?
what track meet is this?
what color follows freeport?
what team is wrote below freeport?
what is the big green letter on the sign in the back?
what is the name of the basketball team?
what number is between 23 and 50?
what number is on the guys jersey?
what number is on this player's jersey?
what team is this?
who does the kid in black play for?
what number is on her shirt?
what 2 is it?
what is the name of the scary cheerleader's team?
what is the year on the trophy?
what is the time shown on the clock?
what letters are on the musician's shirt?
what team does this player play for?
what gas company is on the wall?
what is this player's number?
what number is on this guy's chest?
what is the jersey number who's standing in front?
waht player number is on this man's jersey?
what does the shirt say?
what kind of company is on the poster in the back?
what is the player's number on the right?
what are the letters on the bottom?
what is the team name in the dugout?
what is the umpire's number?
what camera advertisement is in the background?
what team does he play for?
what team does he play for?
what number is he?
what letter is on his hat?
what is one of the words shown on the grey shirt?
best since which day?
what does the text say at the bottom in the circle?
who is that?
what popular icecream shop is depicting on the mans shirt?
what number is this player?
what letter is at the very top of the back of his shirt?
what s the full word being advertised in the back?
what company is in the background?
what is the sponsor name on the driver's collar?
what tire brand sponsors this driver?
what year is the runner competing in?
what is the runner's number?
what team does the jacket have on it?
what letter can be seen in yellow, on one of the clothes?
what is the number on the jersey of the player with his back to you?
what team is this for?
what is the name of this team?
what kind of zone is it?
what team does the batter play for?
is he zelda?
who is this character not?
what do the two jersey numbers add up to?
what number is the girl on the left?
what numbers are on the sign in white?
what team does this pitcher play for?
what does it say on his jacket?
what is the name of the person on the button pinned to his jacket?
what is the player's jersey numbe?
what is the number of the man sliding into home?
what is 2 letters shown on the goal post?
what does it say on the player's jersey on the left?
what is on his shirt?
what year did the phillies win the world series?
what number does the player holding the bat have?
what is the number of the athlete?
what is printed on the last line of the white square on his shirt?
where is the skater from?
what is the word to the side of the mans head?
what is the guy's name?
what team do they play for?
what number is this contestant?
what is the person's name who is standing in the middle?
what number is the middle player?
what state is this stadium located in?
what is the first number in the catcher's player number?
what number is that baseball player?
what is the sponsor on the red stairs?
is number 19 in a race or gym class?
what four digit number is on the front runner's shirt?
what is the name of this magazine?
what is the big word in the background?
what is written in bold on the sign behind the pitcher?
what number is the hurt player?
what jersey number is shown on the batter?
is this batter left handed?
does huawei sponsor this jersey?
what professional sporting association is advertised?
what are all the alphabetical letters written behind the head?
what number is the player in the blue jersey wearing?
what word is written on the black banner?
what is the name of the team?
what country sponsors this race?
what is the number on that man's tag?
what work is allegheny health presenting?
what soda brand is advertising on the back wall?
what is the number on the shirt?
what service is advertised on the wall?
what is the quote from the person who wore this jersey?
whose jersey is that?
what year is on her shirt?
what year is shown on the shirt?
what kind of ball is on the shirt?
what team jersey is he wearing?
is he sponsored by adidas?
what jersey number does the defender wear?
what letter on the jersey indicates the brand that makes the jersey?
what is his jersey number?
what number does the player on the right have on his red wristband?
what number is on the jersey that the man is displaying?
what's the name on the jersey?
what team does the person play for?
what number is the player?
what is the name of player 7?
what is the name on the logo between the legs of the basketball player?
what team number is the sportsman wearing?
is the man the spirit of the sun?
what year is the baseball card for cal ripken jr.?
who is the baseball player on the card?
what number jersey does the player throwing the ball wear?
what does the pencil say on his shirt?
what question does the smaller pencil ask?
get your what on?
what does the top line of text say?
what university does the person on the right go to?
what is the number of the man in the middle?
what does the sign to the left say they're trading?
what baseball team is that?
what letter is on his hat?
what does the flag say?
who is a true champion?
what is written on the red flag?
what is the man on the lefts jersey number?
what number can be seen on the jersey?
what is the bottom-most word on the shirt?
what organization is she with?
is that a costa jersey?
what number is on this jersey?
what number jersey is the man wearing?
what cell phone company is a sponsor?
what are the last 2 numbers on the sign?
what company logo that is also a type of bird printed on the board in the back?
white is the player in whites jersey number?
white is the player in blue jersey number?
what two letter word can be clearly seen on this shirt?
which clothing brand is this jersey made by?
what number is on his shirt?
what is harper's number?
what is the word on the bottom of the blue patch?
what number on the white jersey?
what is this person's name?
what is the number on the jersey next to him?
what is the route number on the sign?
what state is this sign in?
what number is this player?
what's the last name of number 61?
what 2 letters are printed on his sleve?
what brand is the shirt sponser?
what team are the flags for?
what is #13's last name?
what team does he play for?
does he play for the blue jay's/?
what brand is his muscle shirt?
what letters are on the adult jersey's?
what town are they playing in?
what team name is on the player's jersey?
what number is on the jersey on the left?
what is the name of the realty store?
what real estate company is being advertised?
what is the store's name?
what is the batter's last name?
what team is in the dugout?
what are the first two letters of the last word on the advert behind these men?
what number is one of the runners associated with?
what is the first word on the boy's shirt?
what is the second word on his shirt?
is the shirt from a futbol club?
what number is the male dancer?
what is the number on the player in the front ?
what team do these players play for?
what does his shirt say?
what is the number of the pitcher?
what is the first letter of the sign on the far right?
what is the number of bozzuto?
what name is on the back of the shirt in the middle?
what building number is above this door?
what is the name of the slide being shown?
what type of power?
what is the team written on the blue background?
what word is being repeated on the shirt?
what is the most distinct word written on the t-shirt?
what is the number of the player in blue?
what is the number of the player in white?
what letter is on the little boy's jacket?
what word is written at the top of the circle on the left?
what school do they cheer for?
what two letter can be seen written on the white shirt?
what is this baseball team's name?
what website is on the boards?
what is on the green sign?
what team name is on the jersey?
what jersey number is this?
which team is wearing white?
what is the name of the player who wears #12?
what is the right players number?
where are the devil rays from?
does the logo signify a utility worker?
what team is this baseball player play for?
what are the cheerleaders telling princeton to do?
whast number is he?
what number is on her pants?
which racing team is he part of?
what hardware store is mentioned on his shirt?
what is the name of the school?
which class type does he attend?
who is the player on the first poster on the left?
what team are these posters for?
what fighters name is on the man's shorts?
who is the band on the man's black shirt?
which nfl team plays their home games in this stadium?
what is the number of the racer with a yellow top?
what letter does his last name start with?
what is the number on the shirt?
what is the player's number?
euskoloel cooking company?
what brand of clothing does the black and white striped pants belong to?
what is the name of the sponsor?
what does the shirts say?
what does the man's sign say?
what number is on the jersey?
what is the year shown?
what team has a blue and black cheer uniform?
what is the name of the festival being attended?
what number is on the plaques?
what school is this marching band from?
what team do the players represent?
what college is on the boys tee shirt?
what is the abbreviation for texas tech that is seen on this man's shirt?
what does the sign to the left of the person say to cover?
what team are they rooting for?
what letters are on the black hat?
which team is the one wearing stripes?
what is the batter's last name?
what number does the batter wear?
what brand are the box of chomps?
what sponsor is on the jerseys?
what year is this event taking place?
what team name or city name is on the jerseys?
what is the name of the hotel advertised in the back?
what color belt does the man's patch say?
what brand is the outfit?
what does it say on the circle on the floor?
what number is on the batter?
what is the name of the baseball player?
what number is wright?
what team is on the toddlers shirt?
what are the first three digits of the phone number on the sign?
what city is the team from?
what number is on the players white shorts?
what number is lanier?
what kind of glory does his shirt say?
what is the man race number?
what is the number of the runner?
what is being advertised on the big red sign?
does the man wearing the black and red shorts have muay thai written on them?
what word is on the player's right breast?
does bank of america sponsor this game?
what number is this player?
what team does the boy play for?
what athletic brand is advertised on the man in the white shirt?
what is the number on the player's jersey?
what country are these men wrestling in?
what is said on the woman's t-shirt?
what letter is on his hat?
what initials are on the jerseys?
what number is the player on the right?
what is the soldier's name?
what is the officer on the left's last name?
what store does the chef work for?
what days in july did the nerdhq 2015 take place?
how should america be kept looking?
what is the name of the baseball team the runner plays for?
does it look like the baserunner is wearing number 1?
what team does the pitcher suit up for?
what number is he?
who is sliding into the base?
what number is the person who is sliding?
what number is on the man's shirt?
what's the batter's last name?
what is the pujols' number?
what team is player 6 wearing?
what is the number of the far left player?
what is the number of the left most lane?
what letter is on the runner's jersey?
what is the number that the whole team has on their shirts?
what word is on the back of all the shirts?
do the shirts say east division champions on them?
what brand is on the top left of the garment?
does adidas sponsor this jersey?
what city is seen on the poster in the back?
which club sponsors the team?
who are the advertisers?
what is the name of the team on the jersey?
what is the second name on tee men's tee shirt?
what team jersey is that?
is this part of the yankees?
what name is on the jersey?
what company name is on the tent?
what team does he play for?
which number is he?
what's the team name on the boy's shirt?
what is the name of the sport printed on this shirt?
what team does the boy support?
what marathon is this?
what number is under the word "marathon"?
what should you stay according to the image?
what write this post?
what is written on teh blue shirt?
what is the name of the team on man's hat?
what is the last letter found on the lens ring?
what is that players number?
what number is on the mans jersey?
is he wearing an nfl jersey?
what teams is playeing?
what is the number of a player?
what school is on the girl in blue's sweatshirt?
what number is baseball player?
what government company is written behind the poster of the woman?
what automotive brand sponsors this player?
what is the name written on the chest?
what is the brand of lanyard on the boy in top corner?
what name is on the top right?
what are the letters on their shirts?
what month is mentioned on the banner in the background?
does the person in the background want you to vote yes or no?
who do the person in t he background want you to vote for?
what team are these cheerleaders cheering for?
what number is on the woman sign?
what number is taking the shot?
what is the number of the yellow jersey?
what number is this basketball player?
what disease is their shirt focused on?
how many words are on the shirt of the woman to the left?
what bank is one of his sponsors?
what does it say on the blue part of the man's jersey?
what brand is seen on this jersey?
what is the brand of the gear at the bottom left?
what brand is the black bag on the bottom right?
who wants highway safety?
what is the team's name?
what is the last word on the shirt?
what is this player's number?
what team do these players play for?
who is the sponsor on the red sign behind the players?
what is the player's number?
what state is reese van ripen in?
who is this shirt embroidered for?
what name does the player have on his jersey?
what number is on the player's back?
what radio station sponsors this stadium?
what number is on the man's jersey?
what is the last name of the jersey in the back ground?
what is the boy's name on the left?
what number is the man in blue?
what word is visible on the red banner in the background?
what brand projector is in use in the background?
which branch of the military is on the man on the left?
what is the name of the hotel being advertised?
what is the number of the pitcher's jersey?
what is the jersey number of the girl on the far right?
what's this player's number?
who is a sponsor on the back panel?
what school does the wrestler on the left play for?
what team does he belong to?
what is his humber?
what is the name of the team this baseball player plays for?
what number is on the jersey?
what letter can be seen on the poster on the wall?
what food is being offered by the company that has a banner?
according to the banner what type of center?
on what date did the rally occur?
what was the purpose of the rally?
what team is walking on the field?
what is the player number on the right?
which team is featured?
what are the initials on his hat?
what is the brand of equipment or clothing the person is using?
what is the brand of rings?
what does the shirt's logo say?
what is on his shirt?
what is written on the blue bag?
what sort of business does this man own?
what two letters are on the top of the red banner?
what's the name on the jersey?
what name is on the bottom right?
is the lady a student in the hall of engineering?
is that kemper hall i am seeing there?
what does the v on the child's jacket stand for?
what are the initials shown on the patch on the left side of the jacket?
what name is on the front of the shirt?
what team do the cheerleaders support?
what color is the word "vikings" on their jersey?
what letter does the player's name start with, on the right?
what is the letter on the hat of the coach ?
what team does the girl play for?
what number can be seen in the woman shirt?
what is the number displayed?
who is the opposing team?
what city is listed on the shirts of the players wearing blue and yellow?
what are the letters on the black in yellow patch on his sleeve?
what organization does the man in the black shirt represent?
what car company is on the outfield wall?
what team name is in the background?
what mlb team is displayed on the jersey?
what brand is advertised on the orange sign in the outfield?
what number is the player on the right?
what is the word written on the uniform of the smiling girl?
what time was this photo taken?
what is on the billboard to the left of the robot?
what year is on the board behind them?
what is the name of this stadium?
what initials are on the mascot's hat?
what direction does the steet go?
what is her race number?
what team does the baserunner play for?
what do the signs say in the back?
what word is on the right of the shirt?
what number is the tallest one?
what team does he play for?
what number is the baseball player?
what is the name of the beer on fence?
what is the man on the far rights number?
which team does the cheerleader cheer for?
what player number is standing in the middle?
what team do they play for?
what heavenly-related team name is on the red jersey?
what letters are on the blue shirt?
is player 15 there?
what is the name of the white team?
what name is on his shirt?
according to his shirt, what is for life?
what color is the shirt?
is there a gold fifa tag on his shirt?
what year is the gold fifa tag from?
what number is on the back of the baseball player's jersey?
what jersey number is this player?
what is her number?
what number is on the jersey second to right?
what number is on the boys jersey standing closest to the left?
how many items are in this product?
what number is the man in the red jersey?
what is the right blue player's number?
what is written on the light bulb on the man's shirt?
what should you swipe?
what jersey number is seen on the dark blue jersey?
what does the batters last name start with?
what is the number on the shirt?
what is the name of the person this jersey belongs to?
what brand name is in the corner?
what is the number on the jersey?
what team does he play for?
what company manufacturers the shirt these men are holding?
what is the man sporting on his hat?
what is the text written on the back of the shirts?
what is the brand name on the red jersey that made them?
what is the amount on the poster?
what is the website shown at the bottom of the poster?
what is the first letter in blue on the right?
how many ounces?
in which branch of the military do these fine people serve?
what is the team of the guy wearing the dark blue and red outfit?
what sport is represented on the hoodie?
which state does she attend school.in?
what does the first word of this mans shirt read?
what city is on his shirt?
what is the man in the green shirt?
what is the brand on the tee?
is asics above his number?
what three letters are on the upper part of her shirt?
what letter is on the player's hat?
which team does the pitcher belong to?
what number is the girl in first place?
what number is the guy in back?
what word is in black?
whose flubber is it?
are they part of a team?
what does the shirt say?
what is the name of this team?
what is on the middle players jersey?
what is the number on the blue jersey?
what number is on the plaque?
what bank is sponsoring this team?
what is the team being supported?
what number is on the jersey of the man with a bat?
what letter is on the blue hat?
what does the mans shirt say on the very left?
what is the name of the novel by ayn rand?
who is the author of this novel?
what city name is on the front of the man's jersey?
what is on his hat?
what team uniform is the player wearing?
what company sponsors this team?
what is on the lady's cap?
what team is on the child's shirt?
what letters are on the man's shirt?
is he on the chasers?
is that a bank sponsor in the background?
what male first name is written on this man's side?
what does th sign at the edge of the field say?
what is the name of the race that this woman is competing in?
what is the racer's number?
what country is this coast guard member serving for?
what is the name of this program?
what skateboard brand is on the red tshirt?
what is written on her shirt?
is emelexi a sports figure?
what is his number?
are these soccer players?
what is the brand written on the jersey of the man on the right?
what city is mentioned on the man's blue and white shirt?
what is the first word in the string of words curve across the back of the shirt?
what labels the purple color on the wall?
what illegal activity is this poster promoting?
what gym company sponsors these athletes?
what is the number on the back of the runner facing away?
what company is on her jersey?
what team jersey does the boy have on?
what team is in white?
what does the hat say?
what kind of power is mentioned on the red and white uniform?
what festival is this from?
what number is he?
what number is the pitcher?
what clothing brand are the yellow jerseys?
where does this jersey say the man is from?
what is the runner's number?
who wears the $50 jersey for grizzlies?
what is the phone number on the wall of the stands here?
what direction is on the sign to the left?
what is the last name of the player wearing the jersey number 91?
what is seguin's number?
what team does this outfielder represent?
what is one of the numbers on the screen behind him?
what profession is the woman in the picture?
what does the bikini top say on it of the woman in front?
what tire company sponsors this man?
who is a sponsor for this person?
is that a ball on hishands?
what team does this cheerleader support?
what canadian city is embroidered on the man's green jacket?
what year is the jacket displaying?
what country is being represented by the man on the right's cape?
what letter is on his jacket?
what city is mentioned on the black hoodie?
what city is on the brown shirt?
what country is the person on the left representing?
what country does the contestant from the right come from?
what number is on the sign behind the girl?
what team is she representing?
what number is on the girl's jersey?
what initials can be read on her jersey?
is darren carter a professional sports player?
what is the number on the jersey?
whos name is on the jersey?
is aljoh's really the best pizza in town?
what's the name of the plumbing company on the poster?
what is espn's fm station number at this arena?
what is the time at the bottom?
what number is on his jersey?
what does the sticker say?
who sponsors the fighter on the right?
what jersey number is the girl in the middle wearing?
which number is the player in red?
what number is the player in white?
what is the player's number?
whose heritage is mentioned?
what are the initials of the girl's school?
what is the last letter in green on the girl's scarf?
what is the name of the sport the boys compete in?
which school do the boys wrestle for?
is this an osu shirt?
what is on the banners in the back?
what kind of motors is a sponsor?
what town in endorsed on the runners chest>?
what are the initials?
what is the phone number in the background?
what is the number of the player who is pitching?
what sports team is mentioned on the green wall?
what number is on the back of the baseball player's shirt?
what is the middle letter on the player with blue shirt?
what's on the boy's hoodie?
what is one of the words on her uniform?
what does it say in red on her uniform?
what is the name of the country on the banner in the top left of the image?
what drink is on the helmet?
what is the name of school on jersey?
what is the player number shown on the jersey?
what basketball team does the jersey on the left belong to?
what is the number on the jerseys?
what is the team name of the grey team?
what number is the player on the right?
what number is on the uniform?
what team is on the woman's jersey?
what initials form the logo on this woman's visor?
what baseball team is playing?
what clothing brand does the boy on the far left appreciate?
what are the three words in large white capitals on the red t-shirt?
what is the last name of player #30?
what is the jersey number next to 30?
who made this mans strap on his arm?
what is the first word on the bottom of this guys uniform?
what is the number printed on the shirt of this runner?
what is the first number on the mans jersey?
what jersey number is the man in the photo wearing?
what is the single letter on the left side of the white stripe?
what soda product is a sponsor for the stadium?
what is then name of the energy company's sponsored banner?
is the bat an easton?
what city are the giants from?
who is this plaque for?
what is the name of the team on his football shirt?
who has the team partnered with?
what does it say above 50 on the jersey?
what number is this jersey?
what is the year beneath the logo?
what team does he play for?
what is the number of the player?
what number is he?
what is written across his chest?
what is the name of the team?
what do you get more of according to the sign?
what is the bird of prey the temple sports team uses as a mascot?
what is the name of the school the people are cheering for?
what brand of beer is it?
what number is the competitor in white?
what is the name of the competitor in red?
what is the name of the field the picture as taken?
what beer company is on the big screen?
who is shown on this boy's shirt?
what band shirt is the child wearing?
what number is on the jersey of the player between 4 and 8?
what letter is on the baseball cap?
what city is the wrestling match taking place?
what brand onsie is red wearing?
what presidential election is on the dark colored shirt?
what year is on the shirt on the right?
which way does the shirt tell you to go?
what type of astronomical term is used on the person's tag?
what color is the word "planet" on his jacket?
what dose the girls shirt say?
what is the blue letter on top?
what is the name of player 10?
what military branch does the man's jersey represent?
does that basketball claim to have grip?
what does the blue neon sign say?
what country is written on the awning above the people?
what is the jersey number?
what are the initials of the cheerleaders' team?
what color are the letters on the uniforms?
what jersey number is seen on the one in blue?
what jersey number is on the grey one?
what number is walsh?
who wears number 1?
what city name is on the front of the grey uniform?
what is the number shown in the middle on the right?
what is the meaning of the red sign?
what year is the baseball card?
who is the player on the card?
what's her running tag number?
what does it say above the tag number?
what number is on the white jersey?
what number is on the blue jersey?
who does the jersey in the display case belong to?
what is the brand on the jersey?
where are they?
what is the name of the academy?
what does her shirt say in the middle?
what state is this player from?
what is his number?
what does his cape advertise?
what does his cape say?
which two letters are on the green signs?
what is the team name on the front of the jersey?
what does their hats say?
what is the team this player plays for?
what number is on the jersey?
what number is on the back of the orange jersey?
what is written at the bottom?
is the language of the text korean?
what companies sponsor this event?
what are the last four digits of the phone number shown?
what team do these people play for?
what is written below the neck of the players?
what is miller's jersey number?
what sports team is written on the white sign in the rear?
what is on his vest?
what team name is on the man's t-shirt?
what number is on his shirt?
what number is this runner?
what operating system are they advocating?
what kind of day does the sign say it is?
does it say asics on his sign?
is 614 on the red sign visable?
what team player is player 16 trying to get the ball from?
what team player is player 22 avoiding?
what is the name of the player?
what letter is on the hat?
what is written on the pitchers cap?
is the letter on the pitchers cap a capitol letter?
what companies sponsor this event?
what is the jersey number of the middle athlete?
how many feet does the sign say in front of the man holding the baby?
what does the blue sign say on the very right on the fence?
what is the phone number to gold's gym?
what kind of business is gold's?
what is the first word on the boys shirt?
what is the first letter of the second word on the boys shirt?
what does her sign say?
what is the team name on the jersey?
written on the hats is obama?
what brand is the player's top?
what is the name on the back of the baseball shirt?
what brand is the shirt the man is wearing?
what big white letter is on the man's shirt?
what car brand is on the man standing on home plate?
what number is the player on the left?
what is the batters player number?
what is the name on the player's shirt with number 8 ?
what is kennedy's player number?
what is this person's race number?
what is the sponsor on the top left corner of the jersey?
what team is this?
what is the name on the sport shirt?
what auto manufacturer sponsors this company?
what's the last word on the man's shirt?
what is the name of the team?
what is written on the player's shirt?
what sport is the gentlemans t-shirt for?
what is on the right shirt?
what is the left mans last name?
what is the name on his shirt?
is he wearing an explorer's jersey?
where is the runner with six on their shirt?
what is the number on the girl's shirt?
what is the name of the clothes she is wearing?
what number is the guy in green wearing?
what letter is on the batting helmet?
what is the boy's jersey number?
what number is on the bottom white sign?
what is the players number?
what team does the baseball player play for?
what number is he wearing?
what is the name on the back of the jerseys?
what numbers are on the back of the jerseys?
do these players go to sau?
what school do the cheerleaders cheer for?
what logo is on the shirt?
what team does the player play for?
what car brand is on the billboard?
what team is playing defense?
what is the pitcher's number?
what high school do they cheer for?
what kind of club does it say on shirt?
what sports company is circled on this man's shirt?
what is the name of number 52?
what number is on the back of the white jersey?
what is the player's number?
what is the name of the team?
what sport is on this girls shirt?
is the word "all" on the jersey?
what baseball team is the boy on?
which team boy?
what does the girl's shirt say?
what is their team name?
what is the player number of the person on the furthest left?
what is the brand of the white shirt?
what university are they at?
what is the first word on the mans shirt?
what language do they most likely speak?
what year was this taken?
what team are they cheering for?
what is written on the back of the headgear?
what is the name of the magazine?
what team is on the shirts?
what city is on the gray shirt?
what is displayed on the man's shirt in the middle?
what sport does this team play?
what team is pitching?
what team does the player in white play for?
what number is on the white jersey?
what is the number of the pitcher on the mound?
what is the name of the company that starts with a y on the board?
what sportswear company sponsors the dugout?
what player number is on the pitcher's jersey?
what should you pledge?
what does it say under the foot logo?
what religion are they associated with?
is the word fiat on the front of this man's shirt?
what brand is the frame?
what electronics brand is featured on the third shirt from the left?
what is the player number on the left that is getting up?
what is the name on the shorts of the player on the right?
who is pitching the ball?
how many feet is that outfield fence?
what college does he play for?
what does the jersey say over the player's right breast?
what country is shown on the shirt on the right?
what state do these men live in?
what is the jersey number the man is holding?
what is the number of the athlete in the white uniform?
which team does number 22 play for?
what symbol is on the yellow hat?
what teams are playing?
what is the man in blues jersey number?
what brand of clothing is he wearing?
what number is on the jersey?
what is the first letter seen on the left below the jersey number?
what does the white text say on the red background?
what initials are on the back of the shirt worn by the person in the middle?
in what year was the athlete the syn-3?
what is the jersey number of the man on the right?
what number met's shirt is he wearing?
is nathan's a famous hot dog restaurant?
what is on the girls lanyard?
who is the photo by?
what name is written on the shirt?
what school is wrestling in the red outfit?
what is written on the grey outfit?
what do the red letters in the back on the left say?
what number is the player on her team?
what number is on the shirt?
what team do they play for?
what number is on the player's back?
navy vs  who?
what is the brand of clothing the person in red is wearing?
is aurasino the word on the boy's shirt?
what team is the kid with black shirt wearing?
what team does he play for?
what does the button say?
what is the last word on the table?
what brand is on the jersey?
what team is this jersey?
what brand of shirt?
what is the name of the team on the players jersey?
what state does this team play for?
whats the team?
what is the name of the red team?
what is the team name of the player who has the ball?
what does it say on the top of number 24?
what date is on the man's shirt?
what is the cup on the mans shirt?
what number is on the white jersey to the left?
what is the lady in front in yellows jersey number?
what university is the shirt for?
what doctor is sponsoring this team?
what is the number of the player on the furthest right?
what is the first letter in white on the girls' shirts?
what is the first letter of the word on the guy's shirt?
what is the team name on the jerseys?
players are what game play?
who is running for u.s. senate?
what is the word above "music" on the top right corner?
what is the last word on the jersey?
what state is that player from?
what letter is on the players cap?
what is the player number of the girl in the white jersey?
what letter is in the bottom right corner?
what's the name of the player with his back to the player?
who is the author of the quote given here?
what is the organization mentioned in the bottom left corner?
what three letters are on their shirt?
what does his jacket say?
what is on his shirt?
what brand is he wearing?
what number is on the jersey?
what is the brand name of this shirt?
what club is represented on the shirt?
who did the fans win tickets to see?
what town is featured on the cover?
what's the last year on the wall?
what is the first year on the wall?
what is written on his shirt ?
what team is the person with the ball on?
what letter is in the green circle?
what is the number on the white jersey?
what sport team does the person's hat reference?
what is the white word on the right side of this man's collar?
what is the number on the football shirt?
what is the number of the jersey on the table?
did she win thirty thousand dollars?
what type of league is it?
what kind of movement is going on in the photo?
what brand is mentioned on the jersey?
who does the man in the red jacket cheer for in baseball?
what is this players number?
what number is on his jersey?
what number was written on the shirt?
does it say to celebrate?
who is a sponsor of the ball park?
what is the last word on the sign?
who makes irish red?
what letter is on the white shirt?
what is the number on the batter's jersey?
what is out according to the shirt?
what team is this jersey?
what is her name?
what team are they on?
what brand of batteries are in the gray packages?
who is the person in the ad?
what letter is present on the boy's hat?
what team is the player on?
what is the name of team on the batters shirt?
what is the name of the player with a 4?
what is written on the top left of his jersey?
what is the second number on the right athlete's jersey?
what type of racecar driver is this?
is banana boat one of his sponsors?
what is the left number on the hoodie?
what is the team name on the jersey?
what are the letters on his hat?
what name is on the advertising board?
what is the soccer league on the jersey?
what color is the word "web" on the monitors?
what number do they all have on the back of their shirts?
what does that say on the front left of his shirt?
who is player number 138?
what number is being cut off on the right side of the image?
what does the shirt on the left say is forever?
what is the number of red shirt worn by the player?
what is the player's number on the blue and white team?
what is an advertisement here?
who is the woman supporting according to her sweatshirt?
who is a sponsor?
what brand name is displayed in the back ?
who made this boy's glove?
what letter is on the player's hat?
who does he play for?
giants baseball team?
is he wearing something related to sports?
what brand is this shirt?
what is the date of the marathon?
what form of payment is the only one acceptable, according to the small sign on the wall?
who is the man on the left's favorite baseball player?
what number is the guy on the right?
what state does this man represent?
what is inscribed on the beer bottles?
what jersey number is on the blue one?
what is the last name of player 40?
what team's jersey are these men wearing?
what is written on the step and repeat banner behind on the men?
what does the arrow show?
what is the number on the shirt in white?
are they both wearing number 10 jerseys?
what is the name of the team?
what does the heart say?
what is the batters number?
what car company is sponsoring this person?
which energy drink is on the shirt?
what team are they playing for?
what kind of gloves are the wrestlers wearing?
what is the batter's number?
what is written in the orange box?
what does the shirt on the left warn about?
what is the city of the baseball team?
what is wrote above the city of number 18?
james number is?
what's the name of the comic book seller on the poster?
what city is third coast comics in?
what number is the player in the back?
what letter is on the players' hats?
what word is on the fence behind the soldier?
what team name is shown on the jersey?
what does it say on the hat?
what color are the letters on the hat?
what is the name of the jersey?
where does the dribbler attend college?
which bank is advertised on the sign?
what is the number on the player's jersey?
what number is the player without the chest guard?
what number is he?
what games is this?
what are women against?
what year is mentioned here?
what player number is facing away from the camera?
which state does this team represent?
what is written across the players chest?
what team does the boy play for?
what number is the blond woman?
what is her player number?
what is written in the middle of the girls shirt?
what is written on the girl's arm?
what is the number of the man on right?
what is written on this shirt?
what is written on her belt?
what shirt number is the player on the left in red wearing?
what sport is being played?
what brand in this shirt?
what state is abbreviated on the front of the blue shirt?
what is the speed limit?
what brand of clothing is the shirt?
what team name is on the front of the jerseys?
what team are they on?
what is on the players shorts?
what is the year on the banner?
what is the player's name?
what is the number of the base coach?
who owns this picture?
what quarter are they in?
what's this runner's tag running number?
what shoe brand is on the shirt?
what team is he on?
what type of athletic shoe is being sponsored on the mans shirt?
what is this t-shirt advertising?
what's the tagline of the shirt?
which state is shown on the jersey?
what is the first price listed?
which player is about to touch the base?
what is player 57's last name?
what number is schleger?
what number does the man with tattoos on his forearm wear?
the color of the number on the leg is?
what is the batter's number?
whats the name on his shirt?
what is the number in the back?
what is kosok's number?
what does it say on his shirt ?
what do their shirts say?
what does the green letters on the belly say?
what sport does the shirt represent?
what title did the giants win, according to this man's shirt?
what is the man's title?
what type of rotary is mention on the wall?
what number does the player on the left wear?
what is the guy's jersey number on the left?
what's the name on the flag on the right?
what team do the boys play for?
what are the three initials on this boy's shirt?
what the the teachers advertising?
affordable energy means what?
what division is on the vests?
what does it say in the blue bubble on the shirts?
what number is the batter?
what number is the player that is wearing the blue jersey?
who's playing first base?
what is the name of this player?
what is the tagline of the shirt?
what is written on the black shirt?
is he on the alaskan team?
which number is on his shirt?
what does johnny cupcakes do on the first date?
what will a person get if they apply now?
what word is visible on the fifth line of the sign?
is that orange sign by the nebraska bearing company?
which motor company is featured?
what number is on the jersey?
what team is this?
what brand is this runner's shorts?
what does his shirt say?
what state is this game being played in?
what is written on those advert boards?
what letter is in the background under the pitcher's glove?
what word is written on the ladies uniform?
what is the time?
what team name is this player associated with?
what sponsor is on the shirt?
what is the name of the station on the advertisers board?
is he on the specsavers team?
what team is the person on?
what is the word written on the blue bag?
what letter is on the jacker?
what word is written across his shorts?
what team does he play for?
which team do the players play for?
what sport is shown on the man's sweatshirt in the back row?
what is written on this person's shirt?
who is number #2 on the team?
what number is the player on the bottom right?
how tall is the athlete?
what is the name of the player?
what is the players name?
what team does this man play for?
what team is she promoting?
what does their pant leg say?
what do the white signs say?
what number is on the red jersey?
what letters are on her shirt?
what u.s. president is shown?
what website is listed?
what number is on the player who is jumping with the ball?
what team does the man play for?
what word is on the top left of the board in the background?
what is the phone number on the porta-potties?
which company is in charge of the porta-potties?
which company is she representing?
how's is the event called?
what year does the man's shirt say this event took place in?
what color is number 12's jersey?
what are the initials of the fan's team?
what year is this baseball card from?
what letter is on the player's cap?
are they proud to support this team or not?
who does the batter play for?
what is the number on the guy on the right?
what company sponsored the team?
what number is on the white jersey?
who is the sponsor on the red sign?
what is that advertisement for in the background?
what number is the player?
what is the date on his shirt?
what nba team is this cake displaying?
are her socks adidas?
how many players are on the field?
what jersey number is the player on the far left wearing?
what is the name of number 51's jersey?
what year is this?
what is the team name?
what letter is on his hat?
what team is on his shirt?
what does the sweatshirt on the right say?
what soccer team does she support?
the soccer team does support the emelec?
what is the business name of the gym advertised?
what team jersey is the boy wearing?
what company is on their uniforms?
what three letter company is on their uniforms?
what does the back of that players shirt say?
what letters are on their hats?
what are the letters on the girls uniform?
what does his shirt say on it?
what is the jersey number of the player trying to slide to the base?
what number is on the black jersey?
what type of zone is this?
what kind of material causes the risk?
what does the jersey say?
who is player number 9?
what oil company is on the red tee shirt?
what team does he represent?
what does the sign in the back say?
what fan collectible is shown on the sign?
what number is the pitcher?
what is the players number?
what is the boys jersey number?
what number is merrifield?
what name is the player merrifield is touching?
what kind of water is on the table?
what letter is on the red hat?
who is sponsoring the baseball stadium?
whats the web site for the field?
what number is the runner in white?
who is the dream for?
what is written under the orange friends sign?
what is the first name mentioned on the photograph?
what does his shirt say?
what brand name is on this man's shirt?
what isn't the object in the window, particularly?
what is the number on the blue jersey?
how far is the outfield fence?
what sport is indicated on the t-shirt?
what is the name on the shirt?
what is the sign on the stand?
what two letters can we see below the cross?
what is number to the right of 11?
order the numbers from least to greatest?
who is the sponsor of this team?
what website hosts this photo?
what is the players number?
what is the title on the poster behind the man?
what is the player's last name who is facing away from the camera?
what number is on his shirt?>?
what is the middle players number?
what city does the team in white play for?
what is the number of the jersey of the player in white?
what letters does the jersey say?
what major soda brand sponsors this field?
what does the ad on the left of the coca cola say?
what football player's name is shown on the jersey on the right?
what team does the person on the left support by wearing their jersey?
what country name is mentioned on the jersey?
where is los angeles?
what is the first name on the shirt?
what is one of their sponsors?
what is the number of the player in the gray shirt on base?
what soft drink brand is on the wall?
what's on the blue banner behindthe flags?
what team does the player play on?
which number is on the shirt?
what number is on the batter's jersey?
what name is on the batter's jersey?
what is the player's number?
what type of expert is he?
what place is mentioned on the front of the person's jersey?
what number is on his jersey?
what is this man's last name?
what team do they play for?
what brand are the shorts?
what color letters is shown on jersey?
what is the name of the gym?
where is this man at?
what number is on the basketball player's shirt?
what does it say on the right side of the man's shirt?
what holiday season is celebrated with the lights?
what letter is on the bag?
what brand is the basketball?
what transportation company is a sponsor?
what trophy did they win?
what is the jersey number of the player on the far left?
who is number 27?
which company is advertising on the yellow sign?
what team does she play on?
when was the university founded?
where is the brand ditsupport service delivery located?
what sport is being advertised here?
what is the name of the organization?
what player number is the pitcher?
what is their team name?
what brand is his suit?
what number is he?
what team does he play for?
who's academy is this?
what number is vargas?
what letter has been added to happy?
what does this say?
what company is the main sponsor of this event?
does this photo show a website in the bottom left?
which sports does this boy claim to do?
does the boy play hockey according to his shirt?
what team do those players play for?
what three letters on on this girls shirt?
what number is on her shirt?
what is on the guy on the rights shirt?
what number is the girl on the left wearing ?
what is the jersey number of the girl furthest on the left?
what is the word in red letters?
what number is the batters number ?
what is the country name printed in the board?
what brand of hoodie are they wearing?
what holiday is the campaign celebrating?
what is the name of the store?
what type of drink is being advertised?
what website is shown on the bottom right of the image?
what is the batters's number?
what is the ad behind the hitter?
what number does this runner have?
what number shirt is this baseball player wearing?
what number is the player in the middle?
what is the number of the player on the right?
what team does this pitcher play for?
what website is mentioned behind the player?
what is the nearest player's number?
what companies are featured in this image?
which software company is featured?
what year is the red championship shirt for?
is the championship open or closed?
what is the right-most player's jersey number?
what was the final score of the game?
what does the red banner say?
what is the nickname of the boxer on the right?
is bad boy a sponsor of the black trunks fighter?
what is the team the man in the blue shirt plays for?
what is the number of the catcher?
what does the woman's shirt read?
what does the shirt say?
what is the teams initials?
what is the stadiums name?
what beer is being advertised?
what number does the man on the right have on?
what number is the man on the left wearing?
is that player 2?
what team does player 2 play for?
what does the sign on the left side of the fence say?
whats number is on the black shirt?
what number is the player?
what brand is on his jacket?
what sponsor is advertised on the blue sign?
what university are these women representing?
what does mit think you need?
what is wrote on the boy shirt?
the girl in white is representing what number?
what number is on the girls on the left?
what kind of sport is this for?
what does the logo say under it on the blue shirt?
what are the first two letters on the yellow sign?
what team is playing?
what is the runner's designated number?
what kind of services is featured on her shirt?
what town name are the girls spelling out?
what is the full name of the school district these women represent?
which player on the white team is holding out one of his hands toward his opponent?
what is the number of the player on the very left?
what is the university name on the man's sweatshirt?
how many home-runs does he have?
what is the name of the player?
what color is the number on the jersey?
which team is this?
what high schools are the cheerleaders from?
does she go to school at erhamar?
what soft drink is advertised on the red sign?
what word is written above sports on the advertisement?
what club is advertised?
what school does this girl go to?
how many "ou" are in the bos phi section?
what time is shown?
what numbers are on this person's jacket?
what number shirt is this baseball player wearing?
what is the first number?
what is the theme of the floor puzzle?
what does the first shirt say?
what emotion color is referenced by the background text?
what is one of the sponsors?
is adidas one of their sponsors?
what letter is on the girls shirt?
what number is on the green jersey?
what is the name of the team the girl in red plays for?
what camera brand is the advertisement for?
what model of camera is being advertised?
what is the name of the player with lighter colored hair?
who should you leave the brave to?
whats the advert about?
what year is cited on the registration banner?
who is this pre-registration for?
what is the last digit in teal on the white sign?
what are the first four letters of the company's name?
what is the team name on the player's jerseys?
what cable brand is shown in background?
in what years did jesse jackson run for president?
who is on the shirt?
what booth is the guy standing in front of?
what letter can be seen above the woman?
what is in the bottles?
what two letters in red are on the bottles?
what's the player's number that's standing by himself?
ju are the initials?
what does the boxers shorts say?
what is written on the lanyard?
what does that shirt say?
what number is on the top right of the shirt?
what's the pitcher's number?
what team is he playing for?
what company is this an advertisement for?
what website is shown on this photo?
what does it say on his cap bill?
what is written on his knuckles?
what country was the bag made in?
what does this mural say?
what does the red sign say?
is samurai one of his sponsors?
what are the letters on his shirt?
what name is on the jersey above the number "90"?
what jersey number is on the right?
what kind of bikini top are these girls wearing?
what is the player's number?
which website took this photo?
what does her sash say?
does he have a dremel shirt on?
what team does this man play for?
how many i's are in the middle of the jersey?
what is the ad about?
where are these athletes from?
what is the player number on the left?
what is the name on his shirt?
what kind of ball is being played?
what city is the ymca in?
what is the team name on the front of the jersey?
what brand of basketball does the player have?
what kind of shoes is the player on the right wearing?
what is the name of the advertiser?
what are the initials on the pitchers jersey?
what player number is the pitcher?
what number is on the left-most blue person's shirt?
is the word children's physicare above the letter 8 on the blue shirt?
what is the name of the team?
what is the name of the sport on the shirt?
what letter is shown on the left person's sleeve?
who is the next legend, according to the sign?
what is the team on the players shirt?
what is written below the picture?
what is written to the bottom right?
what does it say before heavenly?
what does it say after heavenly?
what is one of the brands on the uniform?
what team is she on?
what is the bird saying?
what does her shirt say?
what letter is on his hat?
what digits are on the hoodie?
what word is written under "58"?
what baseball team does the boy play for?
what name is on the top right of the person on the left?
what is the man wearing #3's name?
is player 23 out there?
what company name is the sponsor written on his shirt?
what is on his sleeve?
who makes that person's shirt?
what is the last name of the player whose number is 19?
what year does the white flag behind the man's right shoulder reference?
what word is written over the man's left shoulder in yellow?
what are the initials on the shirt?
what numbers are on the person's back closest the man facing you?
which team does the guy with the foam finger support?
what city is on the blue jersey?
what is the name of player number 9?
what number is on her shirt?
what team is about to eat donuts?
what is the number of the player in the background?
what is the number of the player in the red shorts?
what band name is on the t-shirt?
what numbers are on the shirt?
what is the baseball player's last name?
what is written on the black pants worn by the guy at the back?
what is on the back guys pants?
what does the jacket say to do now, and then later?
whats written vertical on the left side of the coat?
what baseball team is on the man's jersey?
what number is the baseball player?
what number is the baseball holding the mitt?
what number is the runner?
what is the number of the player with the ball?
what foundation is it?
what is a sponsor of this ball field?
what baseball team is this person representing?
what sport name is written on the man's sleeve?
which athlete number is passing the baton?
what's the full name printed (top right)?
what does the orange robe say?
what is the word in black?
what is the last name of the player who wears the number 17 on his jersey?
what team is this?
what is the website on the yellow banner?
what is the cartoon dogs name on the child shirt?
what team does the pitcher play for?
what team is on this jacket?
what does the shirt say?
what time is on the clock?
what brand of clothing is this shirt?
what is this player's number?
what does his shirt say?
what number has just scored a run?
what is the last name of the pitcher?
what is the pitcher's jersey number?
what number is on the jersey?
what number is on the jersey?
what is the mascot's name?
what number is on the mascots jersey?
what school does this girl cheer for?
what is the number on the jersey in the background?
what is the game listed on the man's dress?
where is the rodeo teams locale?
what city is on the sliding player's jersey?
what advertisement is shown in the back?
what is the roller derby girls number in the pink zebra?
what is the number of the player next to the player in pink?
what is this advertising?
what website is on the picture?
what color are the letters srr on the cloth?
what state is on the foam pylons in the man's hands?
what is the name of the photographer credited in the bottom right?
what does the sticker on the shirt say?
who is the driver's sponsor?
what three letters are in red on the man on the right's neck?
what team name is on the jersey?
what name this shift?
what does roy rogers star in?
what company is this produced by?
who misses you?
what should you let nothing do?
what coffee shop is on the first t-shirt?
what is the number of the player who is 2nd in line?
which player is that?
what is the website printed on his shirt?
what company do these people work for?
what type of company is this?
what year was the race the t-shirt was worn for?
what half is mentioned on the shirt?
what bill board beer company is one the posters on the fence?
who is credited with this photo?
what organization is the runner a part of?
what team do they belong to?
text to small?
what is the catcher's number?
what state is the team?
what is the jersey sponsor?
what word is on the bottom of the black jersey?
what is the number on the white jersey?
what name is on the front of the shirts?
who was inside the tent in the story?
what is the last word on the page?
are these stuff animals used as a prize?
what number is on the red jersey?
the five numbers in red read?
what do one's words become?
who is this a quote from?
what number is on the black shirt?
does his shirt say orioles on the front of it?
where is this store located?
whats the name of thestore?
who should be prosecuted?
what phrase is written along the flagpole?
are they k-6?
what are the visible letters on the childs shirt?
what university are all these clothing from?
does the website end in .net or .com?
what's the name of the website?
what team is referenced on the wall here?
what number is shown on the player's shirt with his back shown?
what is the little pencil saying?
what is the big pencil saying?
what organization is this man at?
how does the sign tell you to drive?
what is greinke's number?
what two letters are on the sign in the back?
what state team name is represented in the blue jerseys?
what number is the player in black?
what is the team name on their jerseys?
what league is this?
who is player 24?
what number is the player wearing?
what university is this gymnast a part of?
does her hat say joy hope?
what number is printed on the woman's tag?
what word is at the top of the dark green kiosk?
what is the player number on the jersey of the middle player?
what is the team name?
what letter is on the helmet?
what is written on the wooden sign on the right?
what is written on the sign on the left?
what is the name of this basketball player?
what number is on the jerseey?
what is a sponsor name?
what is the word on the white sign in the middle?
what number is the umpire?
what animal name is on the batters jersey?
who is the taller woman dressed up as?
what is written on the shirt of the lady on the left?
what state or city is the team from?
what number is on his jersey?
where is the open source?
what does the male cheerleader's uniform say?
what kind of union is that?
what is on the ladies shirt?
what team does she play for?
what is the player number on the right?
what team do these players belong to?
what number is the player on the left with their back to you?
who is the sponsor for this team?
what beer is sponsoring this event?
what watch maker is on t he outfield wall?
what word is printed above the number "10" on this player's shirt?
what sponsor is mentioned on the jerseys?
what language is the logo on the shirts?
what is the name of the team?
what alcohol brand is advertised in the background?
what is written on the black box?
what is written on the back to the shirts above the drum?
what brand shorts is the white guy wearing?
what letter can be seen at the end of the word in the background?
what is the name of the pitcher?
what number is the player wearing?
what number is on the kid's hoodie?
what is the name of this three point shooter?
what is the number on the back of the jersey?
what team are these players for?
who are these players?
is he an english chef?
is that player 19?
what capital letter can be made out on the shirt?
what major airlines is next to the scoreboard?
what team name is mentioned to the left?
what number is on the jersey?
what is the header on the sign?
which hotel are they at?
what kind of sport is featured on the shirt?
what is in the box?
whats the name of the company written on the building in the back?
what is the name of 34?
what name is on the back of the jersey?
are there three red exit lights there?
what team name is on the jersey?
what is the player's number?
what's the player number of the big guy running away?
what number is this baseball player wearing on his jersey?
what letter is visible on the hat on the man on the left?
who did the tag?
what is this baseball team named?
what letter is on the hat of the man on the far right?
what is the name of the fight league shown on the banner?
what is the runner's number?
what brand is above the number?
what are the first 3 letters on the sign at the top right?
what are the words on the blue flag behind the man?
what city is written on the red thing behind his head?
how is her pant leg titled?
who wants it this bad?
what is the webpage?
what player number is this man?
who made the red shirts?
what is the short runner's number?
where is the home city of player 8's team?
what is her jersey number?
what is the tag number of this runner?
what is the brand on the jersey?
what number does the player in the white shirt wear?
what state is on the child's jersey?
what is written on the orange & yellow shirt?
who does the sign i nthe crowd say that she loves?
what is fontenot's number?
what number is above the man's shoulder?
what sport is this team champions of?
who is the sponsor of the closest object?
what web address can you find these pictures at?
what are the big white letters at the bottom?
what number is the jersey with the name simeone on it?
what is the last name of the batter?
what number is the batter?
what team does this man play for?
what team does the player play for?
what is the word on the right of the woman's shirt?
what jersey number is the player on the right?
what number is this runner?
where is the runner representing?
what time is it?
which team is this shirt for?
what player is #7?
what number is ortiz?
what letter is on both of their bikinis?
what number is m p hui?
what country is on the player's shirt?
what is big easy's number?
what does the writing read?
what letters are on their sweaters?
what numbers are on the shirts?
what team is on the balloon man's shirt?
what is the jersey number?
what are the letters on his shirt?
what is this runner's number?
what colors are the stripes on his shirt?
what hardware store is a sponsor?
what is the first word printed on the top left of this shirt?
what has real coca cola taste?
what is the last word on the banner on the top?
what kind of map does their shirt say?
is openstreetmap free?
what player wears number 27?
what is the number on the red and black jersey?
what word is printed on the black shorts?
what country are the flags from?
what type of command is displayed on blue flag?
how long have redstone and alisa been serving soldiers?
what year are the photos in the back from?
what jersey number is on both jerseys?
what is the brand advertised on his shirt ?
what number is he?
what car company sponsors this event?
does delta sponsor this event?
what is the player in red's number?
what numbers on his jersey?
what does the necklace say?
what brand is on this shirt?
does the girl have an earring?
what is the website in the corner?
what does the black shirt say?
which st patricks day is on the man's shirt?
what is the team name of the school?
what animal is featured on teh top right banner?
who is the governor?
what organization are the front children representing?
what is the name of the team gear sold here?
what player number are on the jerseys on the back wall?
who is the sponsor of the stadium?
when was this released?
is this product new or old?
what is the brand of her uniform?
what military branch do they represent?
are all the jackets one brand name ?
what letter is backwards on the blue sweatshirt?
what is written on the black man's shirt?
what three letters name the team?
what do the peoples' shirts say?
what name is printed at the top of the glass?
what does it write in capital letters?
what does the right most man's shirt say over the pocket?
what letter is shown in the square on the man's shirt?
who is out there playing?
what is number of the jersey?
what jersey number is on the players back?
what is the letter on the men's shirt?
what number is the man on the left?
what is the sponsor of the uniform?
what is the player's number?
what sport is being played?
what is the team number of the person kicking the ball?
what is the number of the person in blue?
what is the players name heading to base?
what letter is visible on the cheerleading jersey?
what is the number of the player who is batting?
what event is this?
what union are they with?
what city is local 191 in ?
what skills should you improve upon in this classroom?
what word did he write on the top of the white paper?
what is the number on the pitchers back ?
what hotel is being advertised on the banner behind the player?
what is the team name on the orange jersey?
what is the team sponsered by?
what does her shirt say?
what date was the photo taken?
what is the date that the photo was taken?
what is the grafiti on the wall?
what is on the board?
what reptile is mentioned on theboard?
who does the person in the blue shirt represent?
what type of element is mentioned on the shirt?
what is the name of the batter?
who water company is being advertised?
what software is this shirt from?
what is written on the bottom right of the shirt?
what team did he once play for?
what does the mirror say?
what letter is in the bottom left?
who is that man in the yellow shirt?
what is hulk hogan's occupation?
what country is this girl most likely from?
what number is on the shortest player back ?
what team is this?
what is the last name of the man wearing number 88?
what branch of the armed services is shown on the man's hat?
what kind of veteran is this man?
what is this players position that is wearing number 14?
what does his name tag say?
what is the jersey number of the girl on the left?
what does the white shirt say?
what city is the last word printed on the back of this runners shirt?
what does it say above the number 10 on the red shirt?
what is the number on the middle boys shirt?
what is the number of the player with his back to us?
what does it say on his hat?
what does his shirt say ?
what's the brand name on the yellow basket?
what brand is the laptop?
what tennis team is on the shirts?
what is the number on the batters back?
what is the name written across the back of the batters shirt?
what year is written on her arm badge?
what team is on his hat?
what is written on the sign in the background?
what do the signs say?
what is the book on the bottom?
what is the title of the book on the top?
what sports team is so amply displayed?
what letter is in the middle?
how many times was this post favorited?
what do they love?
what letters are on their fress?
what city is on the tent in the background?
according to the blue shirt, what cares?
what number is on his hat?
what brand shoe is this?
what is this player's number?
what is the number on the shorts?
who is a sponsor for this press conference?
what team does this person support?
is that sweeney?
what brand name is on his tank and shorts?
what website is being advertised on the black and red billboard?
what team does he play for?
what is his number?
what number in on the back of the player on the far right?
this image is proffesional wrestlering?
what does her hat say?
get your goose on is on the top or bottom?
what team is throwing the ball?
what is the number of the player in the foreground?
what branch of the military is the shirt designated for?
what brand is the pants?
what is the name of the sponsor on the basket?
which direction is on the jersey?
what kind of music does the radio station advertised play?
what number is the green player?
what is the brand name of the gum?
what flavor is the gum?
what is on the back of the shirt?
what name is on the shirt?
what is the value of the bill the boy is holding?
how much is that boy holding?
what beer brand is advertised on the ice?
is hummel a sponsor?
what is the name of the construction sponsor?
what is the second word on the shirt?
what is the first world on the shirt?
what is advertised on the wall?
is he on a train?
according to the man's shirt, what diet does he follow?
what's in red on the shirt?
what is the sport written on the man's shirt on the far right?
what is the number of the man in the middle?
what four letter word is clearly visible on the white flag between these people?
is this for an army service member?
what is the team these men are wearing on their shirts?
what is the first letter visible on the grey mug?
what is the team name written on the mans jersey?
what year is on his jersey?
does he play for the ahl?
what is the runners number?
what is the website on the poster?
what brand of truck is on the man's shirt?
what is the name of player #1?
what's this player's number?
what foundation sponsors the game?
what number is the basketball player?
what team is this?
what type of cash is in the outfield?
what number is the player in the foreground?
what number is the player on the top right in the background?
what are the three numbers on the top right?
what number is the player?
what word is written in black and yellow on the nike shirt of the man in the center?
what team is he playing for?
which type of event is this jacket for?
is motorsport written on the jacket?
what team does the man play for?
what number is the player wearing?
what military outfit patch is shown?
what word is printed on the advertisement on the left?
what team does this player belong to?
what is the number of the girl with the pink shirt and jean shorts?
what brand of drink is this?
what country does nowry represent?
what is the acronym on the man in blue trunks?
what is the name of the candy that is also the name of this game?
what type of medieval warrior is written on the girl's top?
what state is on the cone?
what letters are on their shirts?
what movie is listed?
what is written on the yellow shirt?
what is the ad telling us to enter?
does his shirt say la on it?
who created this jersey?
what is the team name on the jersey?
what state does this player play in?
what is this player's number?
what is the website on the yellow billboard?
what is written below the name of the country?
what internet company is advertised on the right?
what team is this?
is that player 12?
whats the players team name?
is it powered by people?
whats the advert about?
what is this boy's race number?
what are the last two capital letters on the white shirt?
what team do the players play for?
what number is the pitcher?
is the word huntington on the sign behind the man?
who sponsored this?
what kind of soccer?
what sport does she play?
is that 20cm?
yes tshirt print?
what is the name printed on the back of the player in shirt number 43?
which letter is in cursive on the front of the shirts?
what year is on his badge?
who is at bat?
what number is the jersey of the batter?
what number is this lady?
what is the player's number?
what do you make instead of war?
what is written on the girl's shirt?
what is the number on the right hat?
what does the hat in the front say?
what numbers are on the sign in front of the screen?
what camera is mentioned on the wall in the back?
what is the motto for gopro?
what is the man's name?
what companies sponsor this event?
what does it say on the mans chest?
what word is the top big word?
what is written in blue on the wall?
what are the players numbers that are pictured?
is this the original kind?
what is the name of player number 3?
what is the name of the person wearing #34?
where does this team play?
what brand are those boxing glovs?
what are the first three letters of the green t-shirt player?
what is the teams website?
what is the company advertised in yellow?
what's the team name on the front of the childrens' jerseys?
what is the word on the children's shorts?
what is the name of the baseball team?
are they from south or north jersey?
what number is the player on the far left?
what is the name of the race she s running?
what is her number?
what website is he sponsoring?
what are the first two letters on the man's shirt?
what firm made this person's polo shirt?
what is the name of the hotel?
what is the name of the team?
what number is on the light blue jersey in the back?
what division of the army is the man in the middle?
what is the brand of the runners top?
what is the jersey number of the mets player?
what is the jersey number of the running in the middle?
what uniform is he wearing?
what team do the players in black play for?
who sponsors the rink?
is he on the mets?
which player is that?
what jersey number is curry?
is he from myrtle beach?
what type of hot thing is written on the back of the mans shirt?
what is the name printed on the man's blue shirt?
what number is shown?
what is written on the sleeves of the players in white?
what is the name of this event?
what team just scored a run?
what jersey number is the man on the left wearing?
what does the bottom word say?
who is the fighter representing?
is he from paly?
what does the runner's jersey read?
what number is on his jersey?
what team is he wearing?
are they from the softball team?
what school do they play for?
what is the number on the red jersey?
what is the number on the white jersey?
what series are they champions of?
what does the sign on the left say?
what is the woman's name on the shirt?
what brand of shirt is the left womens?
what is real according to the sign?
does this sign think hell is real?
what is written on the donkey's shorts?
what american military academy is written on the shirts?
what kind of champion is he?
what organization is this person the lightweight champion of?
what country is on the underwear?
what color is the country wrote on the underwear?
what state do the devil rays play in?
what company is advertising at the ball game?
what red letter is clearly visible on him?
which soccer club is this scarf for?
what are the three letters on the scarf?
what brand of clothing is represented on the youth's jacket?
what is the name of the baseball team playing in the photo?
what numbers are in white on the back wall?
what are the sponsors on the stadium?
what's the name of this fashion store?
what is written on the white long sleeve shirt in the back?
is honda the driver's main sponsor?
who is throwing the ball?
what is his number?
what team jersey is this man wearing?
what number is on his jersey?
what team jersey is that?
what is the name of this baseball pitcher?
is the player's number 75?
who is the sponsor for sportsnet?
who is comcast sponsoring?
what does the pitcher's jersey say?
what hotel is advertised on the sign?
what is the name of the team for the girl in the middle?
what is the sign with the vampire saying?
what is being asked to donate?
what jersey number is the player on the left?
what name is on the building in the back?
what does the person's shirt say?
what sandwich shop sponsored the game?
what is the name of the player?
which team is he a fan of?
which team has the color of green and white that this man is wearing?
what job does this man have?
is the first letter of his shirt and "f"?
what color is the word on his shirt?
what team does the young man play for?
what sportswear company made his shirt?
which letter is in yellow ?
how much are the shirts on the right side worth?
whats the cheapest shirt you have?
what is the name of the batter?
what is the player number?
what number is matos?
what team is the boy playing for?
what company name is printed on the baseball bat?
what brand of shoes is he wearing?
what brand are his shorts?
which player number is running on the right?
what is the name of the town?
what letter is at the top of the runner's shirt?
what number is the pitcher wearing?
what number is written below the dodgers on the jersey?
what color is the word "unite" on her jersey?
what initials are on the green shorts?
what are the players' numbers?
what number is the back player?
what advertisement is on the backboard in yellow?
is part of the word on the left "one"?
what is the first number of this player?
what brand is advertised on a banner in the background?
what jersey is he wearing?
what is the team name of the black jacket?
what brand of t-shirt is the one on the right?
which player number is closer to the soccer ball?
what direction is the yellow shirted player wearing?
what is the name of the group printed in the lower left corner?
what's the red word on their jerseys?
what number is on the blue banner?
how much does it cost to use this phone?
what department does this phone belong to?
what does it say below the symbol on this person's shirt collar?
what team does he play for?
what player number is featured?
what is the runner's number?
what is the runners first name under her number?
did 13 run into 7?
what number is on the white jersey?
what's this runner tag number?
whats the name of the company  on the bottom of the picture?
what number is the only blue player?
what number is the player in the white shirt?
the player's number is?
what adverts are on the wall?
what number is on the fence behind the man in black clothing?
what kind of certificate is he holding?
what is the number on the sleeve of the catcher?
what number is on the umpire's sleeve?
what color is the team name on the jersey?
what is the player's number?
what is the number on the umpire's black shirt?
what is the name of the city?
are they in taekwondo?
what does his shirt say?
what kind of sponsors do the teams have?
what number is red?
what number is on the bike?
what number is she?
what logo is on the shirt?
what type of martial arts does this man do?
who is the sponsor?
what name is on the back of the jersey?
what number does howard wear?
what number is this runner?
what does it say her superpower is?
what is the name of the state on the sign the airplane is carrying?
what letter is on the kids hat?
what team name is on the child's shirt?
what sort of development is listed on the sign?
what is on the woman's sash?
what does her sash say?
what do the posters in the room advertise?
what bank is advertised on the blue sign on the right?
what are these payers' numbers?
what lettter is on the shirt?
what day is this event scheduled for?
who is the director of the act?
what year is shown on the left?
name a company advertising on the wall?
what is printed on the front of his shirt?
what is this person's name?
what is the name of the brand that made her underwears?
what team is on the blue jersey?
what is the number on the player's jersey?
what number jersey does the current batter wear?
what number is the player without a helmet?
what number is he wearing?
what is calico jack catch phrase?
what year is on his uniform collar?
where are these ladies from?
what team do they play for?
what number is on the blue jersey to the right?
who is sponsoring the shirt?
what number would this player be representing?
that playe rwas represented number 3?
what is one of the numbers on the jersey?
what country jersey is the boy in white wearing?
what is the name on the white hats?
what is the number on the child basketball shirt?
what team does the boy play for?
what year is listed on the sleeve?
what did he get at pdc?
what is he drinking?
does that glass say guinness?
what motorcycle brand is shown on the shirt?
where is this harley shirt from?
what brand is that one piece?
what number is written on the man's arm?
does that shirt say something on it?
what is written on the box to the left of the shirt?
which player is at bat?
what is the number on the jersey?
what is the jersey number?
what company is he woth?
what does his shirt say?
what is the school name on their uniforms?
who do the cheerleaders represent?
who is sponsoring the race?
what number is the racer in the rear?
what number is on the jersey?
what team is this?
who does the girl in red run for?
what is printed on the water bottle?
who is the sponsor on his shirt?
do these kids play for the knights team?
what number is on the jersey on the right?
what type of sublime is it?
what brand of ice cream is this?
what words are on her shirt?
what is the player's number?
what is written at the top of the green shirt?
what number is the player on the very left?
what is the number on the girls jersey?
what brand name is behind her in yellow letters?
what number is on the back of the catcher's jersey?
who is the main sponsor of the orange driver?
what number is on the bottom left?
what is the jersey number of the guy running?
what number is the guy on the right?
who made the underwear?
what brand of underwear is this?
what military branch is cited on the outfit?
what does the man's shirt say?
does the central text read tapachula?
what does the advertisement say you have to go to?
where does the event in 2020 take place?
what year is on the shirt?
what is the name of the man in the painting?
is this a sports magazine?
what is the brand name of the airline?
what word is after pan am on far right?
who does red play for?
what are the large white letters on the red shirt?
what is chris's last name?
what is written on the front of his jersey?
what is the phrase coupled with the firekeepers advertisement?
what beverage brand is at the back of the field?
what city is written on the player's jersey?
what number does the player have?
what does her top say her job is?
what number is on her arm?
what year is shown on the man's lanyard badge?
what type of uniform is this?
is this cub scout an eagle scout now?
what is the jersey number of the player on the right?
what kind of art is this?
what is the title in large font on the orange background?
what number is the batter?
does the helmet have the same number as the jersey?
what state is the college in?
what brand is the guy's jacket?
what team is this?
what team does this man play for?
what team is this guy a fan of?
what are the letters on hat?
what number player is up to bat?
is player number 20 at bat?
what team does the player with the ball play for?
what is on the back of the black jersey?
what brand of motorbike is on the billboard?
what letter is on his hat?
what is the man in red team number?
what is the team name?
what team does he play for?
what is the word behind the dark-haired man's head and to the right?
what's the month the shirt was made for?
does the sign say city on it?
what letters are on the baseball cap?
what pizza company is on the right sign?
what st is at pizza hut?
what country does the man play for?
what is the name on the emblem on the man's shirt?
what country are these people from?
what color are their matching jackets?
how many strikes have been thrown so far?
what is the team name on the jersey?
what is the name of the player?
what is on his shirt?
what number does marco wear?
what number is on the back of the top?
what is the sponsor on the green wall?
what is the jersey number of the player in front?
what team do they represent?
what role is the man with the orange vest playing?
what is the jersey brand on the right?
what is the last name of the player?
what is james' number?
what number player is on the far left?
what is the player's number on the far right?
what year was this stamped?
what country is just under the year on the seal?
what is the players jersey number?
what is the brand on this person's shirt?
what letter is on the man's shirt?
what is in pink text on the banner?
what letter is on his shirt?
what is one of the team sponsors?
what soft drink is a sponsor?
what team is on her hat?
what mlb team does the pitcher belong to?
what is the t-shirt's message?
they aren't afraid to what?
what is the player number of this thrower?
what initials are written on player arm of shirt?
what kind of shorts is the wrestler wearing?
what kind of fight?
what day does it say on the white t-shirt?
what is pictured on the yellow shirt?
is the store open?
what team is on the shirt in the office?
is an ibm product shown here?
what color are the letters?
what basketball team does number sixteen play for?
what is this player's jersey number?
what is the name of this stadium?
what does the yankees logo look like?
what is the number on the batters back ?
what is the name of number 16?
what is the player in whites jersey number?
what are the runners' numbers?
what name does the green shirt on the left say?
what does the first line on the blue t-shirts say?
what does his jersey say?
what store is on the brown bag?
what team does the player play for?
what is the first letter printed on the girl's shirt?
what is the number on their shirts?
what holiday is on the banner?
what is the number on the white jersey?
what is printed above the number 30 on the player on the left's shirt?
race across where according to the background?
what's in blue letters on the front of the black hoody of the man on the right?
what word is on the building behind him?
what company is advertising in the background?
what is the name of the hotel?
what team is the sign in the back right cheering for?
what school does the lady most likely attend?
what is appreciated?
what does the tattoo on his upper arm say?
what number is the player on the right?
what is the number of the player to the left?
what state is this person probably in right now?
what is the name of the player in jersey number 7?
what number is the player in white?
what body part is listed on her dress?
what team are they representing on their jerseys?
what number is on the back of the fans' jerseys?
how many runs do the nym have?
how many runs does hou have?
what country does this person likely support?
what is the bib number on the runner in green?
what is the bib number on the first runner in blue?
what state is on his shirt?
what is the runner number?
what year is on his t-shirt?
what number is the player in white?
what is the number written on this shirt?
what is the players name on the jersey?
who is that player?
what number is on the jersey?
what numbers are on her shirt?
what number is the third base coach?
what is the number of the standing player?
what does the shirt say?
what number is the girl in the pink shirt?
what is the sponsor on the white sign with the rainbow stripe on it?
what is the name on the jersey?
what is #21s last name?
what is the player in grey's number?
what is the jersey number of the player in white?
what kind of canned food is this?
where is this corned beef from?
can you read the text on the back of the book?
what team are the jerseys for?
what is the foundation of the baseball field?
what is the name of the park?
which school do the track stars attend?
who wears number 48?
what is the contest for?
what number does the player on the far left have on?
which player wears the number 12 jersey?
what convention is this?
what team does she play for?
what region is associated with para van?
what is this player's jersey number?
is wright on the field?
what name does the shirt say that the boy with the white shirt has on?
what is the number of the black and green jersey?
what team do the cheerleaders play cheer for?
what are they supposed to shake?
what brand is on the shirt?
which sport does this club play?
what is the name of the football club?
what do loser do?
where is this likely located at?
what college is shown on the sign?
is this man sponsored by nike?
what is the city name on the left shirt?
what country is listed on the jersey?
what number is on this player's jersey?
what date is on the red stripe on this jacket?
what school does she play for?
what team does the batter play for?
what is the number of the right player's jersey?
what city does this player represent?
what is the first word on his jersey?
what is the number on the jersey?
what is the name of the ballpark?
where is this ballpark located?
what potato chip company is a sponsor?
what number is the pitcher?
what is this player's number?
is the players number also on his helmet?
what is this music project called?
what branch of the military is the weightlifter in?
what branch is on the shorts?
what organization is sponsoring this event that is on the women's dresses?
what event is this for?
what sport is this shirt for?
who sponsors this team?
what year is shown on the runner's bib?
what animal is on shirt?
what is player 4's last name?
what number is hayes?
what company does the logo in red belong to?
who is wearing number 7?
what is the name on the beige banner?
what team do they play for?
what is the player number on the left?
what kind of party can you have at the rink?
what kind of skating is here?
in what state is this game probably being played?
what team is on the mans shirt behind the batter?
what brand of chips?
what is the mascot of the team she plays for?
what is the jersey number she is wearing?
what team do the children play for?
what initials are on the children's white shirts?
what number is on the back of the boy's shirt?
what partial email address can be seen in the background?
what number is the pitcher?
which letter in the blue banner is capitalized?
what team do the men play for?
what radio group is advertised on the ad on the fence?
what is the number of the red jersey on the right?
what words is displayed at the top of the turnbuckle?
what team uniform is the player wearing?
what number is the player?
what number is the player wearing?
what team does this gentlemen work for?
whose name is on the jersey?
what number is on the jersey?
what is the sponsor on the top of the wall?
what does it say in red letters on the white jacket?
what does the p stand for?
what number is written on his hand?
what team brand is on the shirt?
what is the wrestler's name on the front of his outfit?
what letters is the man sporting on his ballcap?
does his shirt say something?
what team is on the man's jacket?
what player is at bat?
what number is the player that is batting?
what does the acronym on her shirt mean?
what is the last word on the back of the man's hat?
what is the number of the player standing on the court watching the other player shoot?
who is sitting on the far right?
what are the 4 letters in the circle?
what year was this photo taken?
what team is the pitcher playing for ?
what number is the pitcher?
what soccer league is shown on the child's chest?
that gameis on the shirt?
which player is that?
what team is this player on?
what brand name is on the mans shirt to the right?
what brand is the bike?
what is the year printed on the back of the shirt?
what is the name above the date?
what team is on the children's shirts?
who took this picture?
what color are the letters on his t-shirt?
what does it say on her hat next to "the"?
what does it say on the top line of her hat?
what country is the runner from?
is this runner from canada?
does coke sponsor this event?
what company has the top blue banner?
which company has the number 609-243-7900?
what three words is in the top right corner?
what number is on the jersey?
what animal is this sports team based off of?
what do their shirts say?
how many feet is it from home plate to the outfield wall beneath the safe insurance ad?
what company is advertised on the square blue and white sign?
what is the brand of the player's batting glove?
what number is on the player with the white shirt?
what brand is the yellow jacket?
does the yellow jacket contain black text?
what phone number is on the rightmost sign?
what are the last two letters on the shirt?
what is written on the hat?
what letter starts the word that is cut off on the bottom?
what sponsor is on the wands the girls are waving?
does the person on the left have adidas on their jacket?
what does it say it found?
what browser is this computer using?
what is the automobile brand in the background?
who makes this product? three letters?
what is the player's name on this boy's jersey?
what number is on the pitcher's uniform?
what does the man's shirt say?
what is 44's last name?
what numbers are on these two men's jersey's?
what is the name on the jersey on the left?
are these girl cyclers sponsored?
what division of the military is the winner in yellow in?
what is the first number of that team member's number?
what initials are on the cheerleader's uniforms?
what is the name of the school on the front of the black jerseys?
what number is on the white jersey?
when was this structure built?
what state is written on the bags in the background?
what country is this woman likely from?
how much can you win?
what team is the cheerleader on?
what footwear brand name is on their triangular logo?
what name is listed on the mans shirt to the right?
what is the jersey sponsor?
what is the current score?
what country does the sign display?
what state is the man in gray playing for?
what number is on the umpires black shirt?
what team is the pitcher from?
what team is on the hat?
what does the bib say?
what is the name of the bib company?
where is that at?
what type of building is this?
what is the number on the back of his shirt?
what is written on the boy's shirt?
what is the team this man plays for?
what team has the ball?
what number is on the white jersey in the back?
what are the first three numbers on the billboard in the background?
what branch of the military is one the man's shirt?
what does the man's shirt say?
what team does he play for?
what letter is on this player's shoe in red?
what is the umpire's number?
how many kilometers was this race?
what is on his shirt?
what city is the man's shirt from?
what vehicle manufacturer is on the shirt?
what gas company is on the shirt?
what does it say on the guy's shirt?
what brand is being advertised?
what is this mans name?
what number is the right on the left?
what is the number of the player on the right?
what is the name of this product shown?
what brand is this cornmeal?
what number jersey is this player wearing?
what team does he play for?
what year is on the man in the middles badge?
what state is this man from?
what is the first letter on the white t-shirt?
what city is on the hat?
what is the number of the hockey player in white?
what does the ad at the far left end say?
what brand shirt is green wearing?
what country is this player in green representing?
what is the ticket website?
what is the word on the guy's shirt?
what country is the gentleman in the white puma shirt supporting?
what is the brand of the shirt?
what does the little girl on the left's shirt say?
what letter is on the megaphone?
what letter is on the orange sign on the ground?
what brand is the white and red coat?
what is written on the head of the skull on the shirt?
what are the top two words on this shirt?
what number is the player?
which player number is attempting to take the ball away?
what is the man's name?
what is the name of the player wearing number 12?
what car company is being advertised?
what is the name of the gentleman in the front?
what shoe brand sponsors this event?
what's the big red letter 2nd to last on his jersey?
what letter is on his hat?
what teams are sponsoring this event?
what is the website for axis?
who sponsored this event?
what number is on the right side of the podium?
what is quincy?
what year is listed on the pink banner?
what team is this?
what is the players number who fell?
what does the cheerleaders uniform say?
what is printed on the t-shirt?
what is the name on the shirt?
what is the red sign saying no to?
what is the pitcher's number?
what year were the uniforms used?
which number is east?
what entrant number does the person in blue have?
is he a member of a team?
where is the all-star game taking place?
what does the mans sweater say?
what number is the player to the left of player 12?
what does it say on his t-shirt?
who was there with telbru?
what number is that player?
what is the player number in the black sweater?
what is the player's name on the jersey?
what number does this player wear?
what is the name on the player on the right?
what team do these girls cheer for?
how many galaxy tsirts are there in this picture?
what team does he play for?
what is the number displayed behind the player?
what is the name of the accessories plaza?
who are the designs by?
what does the sign in the back say which team won?
what player number is the man in the black jersey wearing?
what is the number of the closest player in white?
what branch of the military is represented here?
what command are they at?
what number is on rollins' back?
what entrant number is this runner?
what is the name of the race on the man's bib?
what beverage has a logo on the wall behind the people?
whats the company on pinned wall?
which number of player is on the bottom right?
what is the number displayed on the tshirt?
what state is the player from?
what team/state does the player play for?
what is one word written on the sign behind the girl?
what is on the banner?
what year is cited on the backdrop?
what team jersey is this guy wearing?
what initials are written on the blue shirt?
what number is the ref wearing?
what branch of the military is on the mans shirts?
what number is on the jersey?
what team name do they play for?
what letter is on their hats?
what is the player's last name?
what are the numbers under the name?
what abbreviation is on the refs shirt?
what is the name of the team?
who are these ladies cheering for?
what brand is that on the billboard in the background?
how many years is written on the display of superman?
what comic book character is the booth on the far right advertising?
what is the bicycle brand front center on the cyclist's red jersey?
what three letters are in the red box?
who is the sponsor on the front of the jersey?
what number is on the players shirt?
which club do they play for?
what number is the pitcher?
what word is written in all capital letters on the blue banner?
is he on the canadian team?
what number is he?
what auto body shop is on the shirt?
who makes the basketball goal?
what is the acronym on his shirt for?
what does the text on her shirt say?
what type of business is psectrum?
what do good girls often do?
where do bad girls go?
is the word country mentioned behind the player?
what is the last letter on the back of the blue uniform?
what country is this gentleman most likely from?
whose industries does the woman have on her shirt?
what is the bottom word on the lady's t-shirt?
what brand is the woman's jersey?
what drummer is on the drum stick?
what movie title is on the black shirt?
what is the rotary title displayed?
what team is the player playing for ?
what number is the pitcher?
what is the team name?
what sponsor is on the grey shirt?
what is website name for the photographer?
what does the sign say in the very back?
what number is on his jersey?
what is this player's number?
what is on his hersey?
what year was the picture taken?
what number does mench wear?
which car company is advertising on the banner?
what team does he play for?
what number is he?
what is hot-n-ready?
what team is this player on?
what team does the pitcher play for?
what is the pitchers number?
what coffee company is shown above the woman?
what school is this event at?
what number is the blue jersey?
what website is the image from?
what is shirt asking you to do?
the shirt wants you to chill what?
what product is being advertised on the backs of the chairs?
what number is on the jersey of the standing man?
what player number is throwing the ball?
what is the name of the player?
what is the brand being promoted?
what sports brand is mentioned on the front?
what radio station is super rock?
which inn is being advertised?
what league is on the man's jersey?
what is the name of the man in the black shirt?
what does the word in green say?
what team does the mascot represent?
what is the team?
what is written after the @ symbol?
what city is named on the guy's shirt?
what location is on his shirt?
what's the number to talk trash?
if we want to talk trash what phone number do we call?
what league is he in?
what brand is his jersey?
what is the teams sponsor?
isn't that red sign a cell phone provider?
what number is the player?
what number is the yellow player?
what is the mascot for western pemna. school for the deaf?
what is the team name?
what is the name at the center top of the image?
what is that bridge called?
what year are these shirts for?
what is the mascot of the cheerleaders?
what team are they cheering for?
what year was w.b. mason founded?
what team does he play for?
what color are the letters on jersey?
what is the name of the baseball team?
what is the shirt number of the player on the left?
what team is on the right?
what kind of island is the person in the orange shirt talking about?
where are these people from?
what is the name of the sponsor on the top left of this racing jacket?
what is the name on the jacket?
what number is in red on the back of a shirt?
which insurance company sponsors the baseball team?
what does the pink button say?
what brand jacket is he wearing?
what color is the brand on his jacket?
what shirt number is the player with his back facing us wearing?
what team is this?
what team is the boy who's carrying the football on?
what team name is on the blue jerseys?
what website is advertised at this ball park?
what number is under the 3 in back?
what is the boy on the lefts jersey number?
what is the catcher's number?
what letter is on the shirt of the person standing in the middle?
what do the shirts spell when put together?
what number player has his leg up?
what school does this track and field athlete attend?
what is the number of the player furthest to the left?
what year is on the sign?
what is the player's name?
what is the player's number, with the last name colon?
what branch of military are these men in?
what are the soldiers last name?
what direction is the opposite of the direction written on this person's shirt?
what team is this player on?
what number is on the shirt?
what brand of shirt is he wearing?
what is the baseball team's name?
what is this pageant for?
what team does the red shirt represent?
what does it say on the top left of the orange shirt?
what letter is on all their shirts?
what letter is displayed on the back of the jersey?
what is the number on the jersey of the man sitting on the very right?
what team does he play for?
what number is on the shirt?
what is spelled out in white with a blue background?
what war is written on the float?
what jersey number is on the pitcher?
what brand logo is on his shirt?
what name is written above the number 84?
who is the art by?
what is the website for this artist?
what type of animal is written on his hat?
what is the brand on the hat?
what brand of jersey is this?
which company made the ball?
what company makes the dad's baseball hat?
which team is on the shirt?
what number is on their jersey?
what is his jersey number?
what is the shirt brand?
what three numbers can be see on the shirt?
what number is the girl on the right?
what is the man jersey number?
what school do the cheerleaders represent?
which website is advertised in the ad?
what's the website url at the top?
what does her shirt say?
what number is the shortest player of the four?
what team do they play for?
what company is advertising on the green banner?
what is written on top of the dugout?
what team does he play for?
what number is the player with the ball?
what is the first letter on the green banner?
what is the team name on her shirt?
what is the large green number on the back of the closest player?
what is the number of the player in the background?
what team does the koala play for?
what is his jersey number?
who wears the #5 jersey for new york baseball team?
what number is on the back wall?
waht can you buy in the store in the left corner?
what hot beverage is on the banner in the background?
what day is it on?
what is this event called?
what signature type is printed in the background?
what team are they on?
what is the name of the company sponsoring the team?
what state is this game held in?
what is the name of the player with jersey number 16?
what player is pitching the ball?
what number is he?
what team does this player play for?
what is the number of the player running the bases?
what is the name of this baseball player?
what number is knecht?
who is a sponsor on this cyclist's outfit?
who is sponsoring the cyclist?
what letter is on the right of the lady?
what is written on the waistband of the lady's skirt?
what word is on the womans chest?
what is the name on the ball?
what team does the taller gentlemen play for according to his shirt?
what is the players last name?
real women ride what?
what do real women do?
what letter is on his shoes?
what is the words on the man's shirt on the right?
what type of wild cat is mentioned on the boys jersey?
what letters are visible on the yellow hat?
what is on the umpire's hat?
who is the advertiser that begins with an m above the two umbrellas?
what sponsor begins with a g?
what company's slogan is hot-n-ready?
is that a giant letter "m" to the left?
what number is the man holding the jacket?
what brand is the black sweat shirt?
what band is this from?
what color are the chili peppers?
what is the car insurance company sponsor?
what day of the week is the game?
what is the poster asking people not to wear?
what two letters are in light blue?
what number is on the player closest to the umpire?
what kind of fest?
what type of beverage company is a sponsor?
what are the letters on the front of the girl's uniforms?
what is the number of the girl on the right?
what team does he pitcher play for?
what is the player's name holding the bat?
what is the timestamp of the picture?
what division patch is on the unifrom?
what are the words on the red shirt?
what are the initials shown on front right side?
what is the name on the boxers waist band?
what team does this person play for?
what logo is in yellow and green on this shirt?
what is the name of the team?
what is the number on the back of the players' jersey?
what does the fighters logo say?
what sport is that?
what is the player's number?
what team is being advertised?
what brand is the man's jacket on the right?
what is written on the cheerleaders' uniforms?
who does this man likely work for?
what school do these girls cheer for?
what letter is on the shirt in blue?
what kind of marathon is this?
is that a nikon strap?
what brand of camera is shown on the camera strap?
what is the jersey number that you can see?
is that 5 on the jersey of that player?
the sign in the background is with who?
who is the sponsor on the board that starts with an 'f'?
what does his shirt collar say?
what color is the letters on the collar?
is the name on the hoodie a sports team?
what type of event are these women volunteering at?
what number is the woman in red?
who is the book publisher?
what is the name of the team all the people are a part of?
what school does this cheer team cheer for?
is this man a fan of football?
what brand is the jersey?
what window and door company is advertising in the arena?
what number is the player on the blue uniform?
what's the first word on the second line?
what does the bag say?
what is the name of the player that is batting?
what is the word found above the pig mascot in the background?
what number is mentioned left of the word governor's?
what team does number 20 play for?
what is the number of the player in red?
what kind of race is happening?
which organization is running this event?
what number on first baseman?
what's this player's number?
what team does this player play for?
which school team is this?
who is playing in the baseball game?
what number is the pitcher?
what does it say above the santa logo?
what is on the first boys robe?
what is the players number?
what's the players name?
what is the player on the rights number?
what restaurant does the shirt on the person on the left represent?
what is the website?
does this man play ball for oklahoma?
what shirt number does the player to the right of shirt number 34 have?
what player number is furthest to the right?
to which sailing team does the man in the white shirt belong?
what is written on the flag to the right of the people?
what is the country on top of the black flag?
what is the slogan printed on the "thanks" advertisement behind these rugby players?
what is the first letter of the name on his back?
is there a website i can go to, to learn more about the team?
which team is playing?
what is the number of the player batting?
which company is the advertiser for the game?
what is #4?
what is the team name on the front of the jersey?
what number is this player?
what is the three digit number in blue on the white sign?
what player number is represented on the man's shirt who is standing to the left?
what is the team name of the jerseys?
what number is the player in blue?
25 blue player?
what brand is his jacket?
what letter case is the word on the jacket?
where does this award come from?
what kind of buzz is it?
is this for mobile?
who needs to cheer up?
what championship did they win?
what is the name on the runners t-shirt?
what color is the word "gunn" on her shirt?
what number is the baby wearing?
what is the number of the player?
what number is the runner?
what is the number of the blonde child in the middle?
what team do the players play for?
what number is on the jersey to the right?
what event is this?
what is on the mans sleeve?
what country is the guy in second from?
what is the town the man is first is from?
what does the winner take?
what number is the player on the right?
what number is he?
what is the name on the jersey?
what is the name of the band?
what branch is represented?
what is her number?
what team does this player play for?
everyone loves a what girl?
what number is the blue shirt player?
what teams logo is on the shirt?
what state is shown on these tshirts?
what team does this player play for?
what is the player number?
what number is on the jersey?
what team is this?
what number is on her arm?
what does her shirt say?
what car maker is on the man's collar?
is puma one of his sponsors?
is the pitcher for gt playing?
what number is on the jersey in the background?
what type of staff are shown here?
what is the name of the officer on the left?
what brand of clothing is the man wearing?
what does the man's shirt say on the left?
is the movie x-rated ?
what is the title of this film?
what is on her top?
what type of tires are advertised on his arm?
what company name is the red logo?
what is the team name?
what number comes after the player on the far right?
what does the right referee's uniform say?
what team is that jersey for?
what number is on his jersey?
what is the number on the back of the shirt?
what is the persons name at the top?
what team do these cheerleaders cheer for?
what is the 2 capitalized letters on the band of the pants?
what team is she a part of?
what is the left player's name?
what is the full name of the club on the shirt?
what number is the player in the middle?
what do the bags say people love?
what number is on the jersey?
between what years is this display remembering?
what is the runner's number?
what does her jersey say?
what jersey number is seen on the batter?
how many weeks along is this pregnant woman?
what does her shirt say?
what does the blue wrestler's jersey read on the back?
what type of league is this team?
what is the team name on the front of the person's jersey?
what is this players number?
what is the name of the company advertising on the billboard on the left?
what is the number of the jersey on the left side?
what is the jersey number of the baseball player facing the crowd?
what is the on the jersey of the player on the right?
what is the teams nickname?
what number is the player?
what kind of glove is he using?
what club does this man play for?
what is the shirt brand?
what does that sticker above the name say?
what event are these people attending?
where is the event located?
what color shirt did number 16 wear?
what is the number on the shorts of the orange player?
what company is offering free photo printing services?
who is sponsoring this stadium?
what player number is on the base?
where is this presentation being given?
what is the date of this presentation?
what letters are on the sleeves of the red jerseys?
what are the 3 numbers after the letter d?
what is the number of the player batting?
who is the player holding the bat?
what is this team's name?
what is the player's number?
is player 18 on the field?
what is wrote above the number 18 on the jersey?
what is the name of this business?
this business name is what color?
what should you wait for according to the picture?
what is the number featured on the jersey?
what is the name on the batter's jersey?
what company are these cheerleaders sponsoring?
what is on the red sign behind the girls?
that athlete have a name?
what is the athlete's jersey number?
what is the brand of uniform?
what is the first word on her shirt?
what is the number?
does his shirt have the word "buy" on it?
what does his shirt say?
what event is the shirt for?
who is the player?
what is the players number?
what is the name of the company?
what number is on the girls sleeve on the very left?
what kind of gloves is he wearing?
what number is the player?
what word is on the patch on the bottom of the sweatshirt?
what is the jersey number?
what are the shirts being sold for?
what are the shirts supporting?
what is the name of the player at bat?
what is the last number on the ad in the dug out?
what is the player's number?
what football player's name is on the green shirt?
what team is on the man's hat?
what letter is in white on pink in the background?
what is the headline on the far left?
what is the teams name?
the number closest to the front is?
what is the team name?
what is the brand of red shorts?
what sporting goods store is advertised?
what is the number displayed at the back of his jersey?
what college is this shirt found in?
what number does she wear?
what is written on the wall behind her?
what bank has a logo on the man's tank top?
who sponsored this event?
what number is on the white jersey?
what is the name on the white jersey?
what is the jersey number of this mets player?
what team is on the jersey?
what name is on the white sticker on her green button?
what is the player number of the man near the wall?
which number is highlighted in blue on the wall?
what type of autographs?
what number is the pitcher?
what team are these people on?
what are the three letters in yellow on the black tag on his shoulder?
what does the dugout say?
what letter is on the diamond shaped signs?
what number is on the back of the player in the white uniform?
what number is shower in the middle of the scoreboard?
what school are these cheerleaders from?
whats the website on this picture?
what is the shirt number of the batter on the right?
what numbers are visible on the catcher's sleeve?
where is the bar located?
what is the number of the fielder standing next to second base?
what is the number of this player?
who is the sponsor on that jersey?
what team is this jersey for?
what is this sign for?
is this on espn?
what is the last name of the wrestler wearing gray shorts?
what team is this person batting for?
what number does the hitter wear on his jersey?
what letters make up the logo on the bottom right of the image?
what number is this player?
what is the name of the player?
what is this players number?
what brand is the kid's shirt?
what nba team is assisting with this reading program?
what is the name of the reading program?
what number is the player?
what team does the goaltender play on?
what number is on the jersey of the goaltender?
what team does she cheer for?
what year since?
is getxo a sponsor?
what is written in blue on the white shirt?
which street is listed on the green sign?
what kind of turnout is going on?
what is the name of the motel?
is there vacancy?
is she a traffic cop in times square?
what does it say on the first billboard?
what word is in the red ring on the street sign?
what is the phone number of the nail salon?
what name is on the red portion of the front sign?
what is the name of the cycles mechanics business?
what does the sign on the left say?
which interstate does this sign point to?
what direction do they have arrows pointing to?
what is the speed limit for this road?
what avenue is on the top of the post?
how many meters is displayed on the sign?
where is this?
how many miles are on this sign?
what type of drive is ahead?
what is the street name?
is the street called minnesota street above the stop sign?
where is the car going?
what does the number say on the sign?
can you take a left on this street?
what does the sign say?
what does the sign say?
what is the bus's license plate number?
what bus number is this?
who is at work?
what are the men doing?
is the turn left or right?
what does the sign without the arrow say?
what do we need to watch for?
what does the sign want the driver to do?
what does the black and white sign on the ground say?
where is the park & ride?
what number is on the yellow sign?
what kind of street sign is this based on?
what is the sign telling drivers to do?
what street are they on?
what is this sign telling us to do?
does that stop sign look red and white?
how far to belt route?
what should the car do when it comes to this sign?
what are the first three numbers on the blue building sign?
how many ways is the stop sign?
what street is this stop sign at?
will drennan take me to the highway?
what does the red sign say?
how many way stop is this?
what does the sign above the 3 way sign say?
what kind of sign is this?
what does it say above stop?
what type of sign is this?
what type of "stop" intersection does the sign indicate?
what kind of sign is this?
who do they want to step down?
do the lights work on the stop sign?
what instruction is written on the red sign?
does the hand represent dirty hands that need to be washed?
what needs to be stopped?
what can't you stop?
what kind of stop is it?
what does the sign say?
what is not allowed at any time?
who makes the earphones?
what letter is in the brand logo?
what does the sign on the far left say?
which street is this?
what are these signs warning the drivers?
what kind of crossing?
what number is on the sign?
the letters are backwards, what does the sign say?
what should you do at this sign?
what does the sign say?
what doe the red signs say?
what does the sign say?
what is the red sign telling us to do?
what does the sign instructed you to do?
what does the sign say?
what street sign is shown here?
what kind of street sign is this?
what is the name of this street?
what is the large word on the sign?
what do the signs say?
what streets are at this intersection?
what kind of sign is that?
what does the red sign tell you to do?
what is to the right?
what does the red sign say?
the stop sign is referring to what activity?
what type of sauce?
what is the number on that building?
what year is on the plate?
what does the sign signify?
what does this sign say you should do?
what kind of street sign is in the photo?
what business is behind and to the right of the stop sign?
what does the sign suggest?
what is the stop sign for?
what does the sign say?
is this one way?
what type of sign is the red one?
what does the graffiti on the sign say?
is that a stop sign?
what direction is the street sign?
what does the sign say?
what text was added to this stop sign?
what does the sign say?
who do they want to stop?
what type of sign is shown?
what color road is mentioned on the sign?
what is the red sign directing drivers to do?
what does the sign say?
what traffic sign is seen?
what does the sign with the arrow say?
what kind of road sign?
what clothing brand is mentioned on the tan store behind the stop sign?
what is the name of the outlets?
what should stop being eaten?
what does the red octagon to the left say?
what am i supposed to stop doing?
what does the sign say?
what kind of sign is this?
what is added beneath the stop sign?
what is this sign telling you to do?
what road are you on when you come to a stop?
what type of sign is this?
what is the sign telling us to do?
what is the sign on the bottom right?
what kind of street sign is this?
what does the sign say?
what is the standard procedure when approaching a crossroads junction in a car?
what kind of sign is this?
what kind of traffic sign is this?
what word is on the sign?
what is the stop sign saying?
what is on the sign?
what kind of sign is this?
what other word is on the stop sign?
what did they write on the stop sign?
what does the square sign say?
what website is stuck onto the sign?
what is spray painted on the stop sign?
what kind of sign is this?
who needs to stop?
what does the sign tell you to do?
what does the sign urge us to do?
what is the sign directing cars to do?
what is the first word of the top green sign in the background?
what does the bottom sign say?
what does the red sign say?
what is this sign telling you to do?
is this a stop sign?
what road is this?
what is the red sign telling you to do?
what type of turn is only permitted?
what does the sign say?
what kind of sign is this?
what racial slur is written below stop on the sign?
what type of sign is this?
what is the sign telling cars to do?
what color is his shirt?
what avenue is this?
what does the yellow sign say?
what does the sign tell you to do?
what word is on the red sign?
what does the white sign say in the back?
what does this road sign mean?
which letters have accents over them?
what does the sign say to do?
what kind of trail is ahead?
what type of traffic sign is this?
what sign is this?
what does the sign tell you to do?
what kind of stop is this?
what is the title of the poster?
what is the street name?
is that a stop sign?
what does the sign say?
what is the route number?
what is the road name?
what street is this?
what is the street name?
what is the year on the stop sign?
what kind of traffic sign is this?
what is this sign telling us to do?
what should you do at this sign?
what is this stop sign placed in front of?
what is the sign telling us to do?
are we supposed to stop?
what does the last word of the sign say?
what does this sign say?
how many letters are on this sign?
who do you need to authorization from to enter?
must you have approval prior to entering?
what kind of traffic sign is this?
what's the note below stop say?
what kind of way?
what are cars supposed to do when they approach this sign?
is this a stop sign?
what does the top word say?
what is on the sticker on the stop sign?
what should you watch out for?
what should you not do here anytime?
what does the sign say to do?
what is the bottom sign?
what does someone want us to stop doing?
what word in the red is on the building in the background?
is the stop sign new or old?
what does the sign say to stop doing>?
what does that stop  sign mean?
what is the street name?
what instruction does the red sign give to drivers?
what does the sign say to do?
what is written on the board below the stop sign?
what does this sign stand for?
what does the bottom sign say?
what road is this?
is there a stop sign under the customs street sign?
what does this traffic sign say?
what is this red sign say?
does this sign tell you which way to go?
what does the sign say to do?
what does the sign say?
this is a what way stop?
what text did someone add to the stop sign?
what is the original text of the sign?
what kind of sign is this?
what does it say below the word stop?
what street sign is shown here?
what is the word in white?
what kind of street sign is this?
what does the sign say?
what direction is the sign giving?
what word in underlined on the sign?
what does the red sticker say?
what kind of sign is this?
what is the name on the street sign?
what does the bottom sign want you to do?
what kind of sign is shown here?
what sticker is on the stop sign?
what should they do at this road?
what kind of sign is shown?
whats the sign warning?
what does the sign say?
is this a yield sign?
is that a stop sign?
is there graffiti on the sign?
what does it tell you to make?
what kind of sign is shown?
what's the red sign say?
what are the two large letters on the left?
what do you need to do at this sign?
what two streets are shown here?
what are you supposed to do?
what is this sign directing motorists to do?
who would stop there?
how many exclamation points are there?
what does the red sign say?
what does the sign say to the right of the boy?
what street is shown in the picture?
what's the name of the restaurant?
does the sign ask you to stay on or off the walls and roadway?
what street sign(s) are visible?
what does the sign say?
what does the top sign say?
is that a stop sign?
what army is this?
what is the crew name?
what does the sign say?
what is the number sprayed painted on the sign?
what does the sign say?
who are we yielding to?
what does the red sign say to do?
i need somebody with a what?
what way is this stop sign?
what does the bottom sign say?
what is written on some of these street signs?
what road are they on?
what does the sign say?
what is the sign used for?
are you supposed to enter?
what's the phone number on the bus?
what is the visible number on the pink shirt?
what is the license plate number?
what's the ad on the back of the bus?
what is the house number?
what is written on the blue sticker in the left side window?
what kind of diner is behind the woman?
what nissan model is this?
what is the stand for?
whats the beer being advertised?
is the sign selling the car?
what numbers are shown on the cars license plate?
what air libe is this?
what is the near aircraft's identification code?
what time is it?
what does the letters above the clock say?
what is the licence plate number of the white van?
what website is advertised on the van?
what does the sign at the bottom left say?
is there and hm building here?
what is the last digit of the taxi's taxi number?
what does the red sign say?
what is the name of the building?
are the showbox hours missing a.m. hours?
what is this movie theater called?
where was the license plate of this car issued?
what is the licence plate numer?
where is this car?
what year is on the sign beside the black and yellow card?
what is the license plate number?
what is the identifying number on this police vehicle?
what is the license plate number?
what number is displayed above the licence plate number?
what type of parking is behind the pole?
is there a police vehicle in the photo?
what brand is the white van in the foreground?
what casino is this?
what is the license plate number?
what model of car is this?
what type of car is this?
what is the license plate number of the car?
what number is shown?
what words are shown?
what is the number of the commons market?
what is the name of the market?
what's the name of this restaurant?
what is the store on the right?
what is the black sign?
who does the sign say the parking is for?
what kind of newspaper is in the box?
what city is this patrol car from?
where town does this police car belong to?
what numbers are these vehicles?
what is the speed limit on the sign?
how many meters is posted on the white sign?
what is the tail number on this plane?
what airlines is this?
what airline is this?
what jeweller is being advertised?
what is the name of this store?
what is the licence plate number of the turquoise car?
what is the sunshine state?
what is the name written on this building?
what does the red sign tell you to do?
is that a car plate ?
what is the license plate number?
what brand of bus is this?
what is the last number on the tag?
what does the license plate say?
what text is visible across the street?
what is the name of this book store?
what kind of books are shown on the right pillar?
what is the white sign showing?
what is the number on the bus?
is the window rinting new?
when was the photo taken?
what is the name of the cafe?
what kind of bus is this?
what number is the bus?
what is the license plate number?
what state are they from?
are they going to guard us in the streets?
what is the emergency number on the car?
what does this store sell?
what is the name of the store?
what foods does the restaurant serve?
what is the license plate number?
what bank is on the top ad?
what cola brand is shown on the billboard?
what us city is the taxi from?
what year was this display shown at brick con?
what is the sign showing?
what are the state names on the top of the sign surrounding the logo?
is this the one way street?
is this vine street?
what airline is on the left?
what type of airline is this?
what number is this cab?
what cab company is this taxi from?
whats the name of the store next to rodimood?
which street is indicated on the green sign?
what movie is playing at the theater?
what division is this plane for?
what is the make of this car?
what is the plate number?
what is the bus number?
what is this vehicle called?
what does the license plate say?
what does the sign say?
what is the license plate number?
what is the nae on the side of the blue van?
what is the last word on the driver's side door?
what information is being given on the top blue banner?
what is the temperature?
what emergency vehicle is this?
what is the number on the front of the left bus?
what number is the middle bus?
what does the store sell?
what is the gun store's number?
what police area is this?
what is the name of the building in the background?
what is the phone number on the yellow car?
where is the bus going?
what kind of service is the bus for?
what name is on the building?
the marriott hotel?
what does the yellow car say on top?
what is the company name on the building?
is this taxi certified?
what type of car is that?
what is the ambulance number?
what city is the ambulance from?
what city does the bus say to take a trip too?
what city does the bus say to go to?
what bus number is the green bus?
what anniversary is it?
can you park on either side of the street?
what is their license plate number?
what word is written in orange?
what should we do with eachother?
what does the street sign read?
what is the license plate number?
what is the licence plate number?
what company is on the black billboard / ad?
what does the red billboard say?
what number is on the cab?
what does the sign on top of the cab say they buy?
what numbers are on the back of the cab?
what does one of the signs on the street say?
what does the stop sign say?
what letter is the man painting onto the yellow sign?
what's the name of the king?
what is the name of this bus company?
what is written on the left car?
what type of cab is the yellow cab?
is that caution tape?
what city are the taxis from?
what is white text on the passenger door?
is the car advertising yahoo?
what is the licence plate of the car?
what type of car is this?
what wireless carrier is on the right?
what is a word in orange?
what is the car number?
what brands are shown on the green car?
what is the car brand logo shown?
what fast food company is here?
what is the license plate number of the yellow taxi?
what state is the license plate?
what is the license plate number?
whos papaya is it?
what does the big white and black sing on top say?
what city does the taxi work in?
what taxi is this?
what type of car is this?
what is the number of the taxi?
what restaurant is shown?
what burger is being advertised on the far left picture?
what is the first word of the three similar pictures in the middle?
what kind of car are these yellow cars?
which lane is this?
what is the name of the pharmacy?
what does the side of the car say?
what is the website on the bottom front of the car?
what country are these taxis in?
what does the tag say at the bottom?
what is the state on the plate?
what does the red and white sign warn?
what type of teeth?
what square are they passing by?
what state is on the license plate?
what does the hashtag say?
what is the license plate of the car?
is this car a toyota corolla?
what is the inventory number on the yellow car?
what are the words before the big letter t on the side of the yellow car?
what word is written in yellow font on the blue sign?
where is the taxi from?
is that a taxi cab?
what is before the numbers 125?
what country is advertised here?
what bank is advertised in the background?
what brand is the red truck?
what is this taxi's identification number?
what city is this taxi in?
what is the license plate number of the ab?
what type of vehicle is this?
what is the word on the right of the yellow truck?
what's the logo for inthe bottom left?
what does it say on the van?
what is the number of the taxi?
what number is on the bus?
what does it say in white towards the top of the building?
what does the red neon sign on the right say?
what is on the purple sign?
who was quoted as saying "the greatest thing to broadway!"?
what watch company is shown above the moving truck?
what number is on the back of the red car?
what model name is shown on the red car?
what are the last three digits of the telephone number on the sign?
are these signs in english?
what are the last two numbers on the yellow car?
is that a taxi?
is royal 3 ccc the name of a taxi company the car's number?
what number is the schoolbus?
what state is the bus from?
what special is this?
what time must you leave?
what's one of the words on the road signs?
the middle sign takes you to?
what is the name of this casino?
what is the taxi number?
is parking allowed here ?
what is the name of the company on the top floor?
what is the phone number on the side of the red truck?
what's the yellow licnse plate?
what is the brand of the car?
is that a deli to the left?
what's the name of this monster truck?
what is this board meant to provide?
what city is this in?
what number taxi is on the map?
what store name is on the awning at the end on the right side?
what is the brand name of the logo with the red circle?
what is written in lights on top of the yellow car?
what are the initials of the city this cab is in?
what is on the blue awning?
what is the police number?
what brand is being advertised here?
what is the license plate of the taxi?
what hotel is this?
what city is this?
what are they premiering?
what is that car?
is superbad advertised here?
what city is the taxi servicing?
is that a bank across the street?
what play is advertised on this cab?
what's the name of the taxi company?
what is the footwear store name?
what avenue is this?
what city is this taxi for?
what does it say on the front of the blue and white rail car?
what is written on the blue bus?
what bank is seen in the background?
what is the name of this upcoming exit?
what interstate is this road on?
what is the plate number?
what is the telephone number shown?
what four digit number is on the corner of the truck?
what color is the small car in the middle of the street?
what website is listed in the corner?
what is the name of the station?
is die a belgium word?
what company is on the hood of the car?
what direction is parking in?
what does it say you can park besides cars?
what is the name on the bus?
what does the car say?
what letters are displayed on the top floor of the building on the right?
how many hours a day do girls want to meet you?
what does the sign say is hot?
what city is this taxi in?
this is rent cars?
which camera company is featured on the orange banner?
what does that restaurant serve?
what is the license plate number on the black car to the right?
what number can be seen on the moped's license palte?
what letter is on the blue sign above the yellow car?
what brand is on the front of the car?
what is the number written on the cab?
what restaurant is that?
what cellphone company is advertised?
what company made the sign on the building?
what does the danger! sign warn you is happening?
what baseball team is listed on the red banner in the background?
is that a billy elliot sign on top of that taxi?
what word is on the passenger side door of the yellow car?
what moving is showing near you?
what kind of cartoon show?
what three letters are visible on the car to the left of the man?
what is the car's license plate?
what is written on the side of the taxi on the left side of this picture?
what brand of soda is the top advertisement for?
what film company is on the yellow sign?
is this a bust stop?
what does the blue sign say?
what city are these taxis from?
what service does the car provide?
what is the cab number?
what is the name of the bus?
what play is being advertised on the taxi?
is the lane on the far left closed?
what is written on the yellow vehicle?
what is the license plate on the black car?
which company is advertised on the white and red sign?
is there a sign advertising rent?
what is the license number of the yellow car?
what company is displayed?
what is the date in the bottom corner of this photo?
what is written in the street lane?
which company is featured on the train decor?
which fire department is that?
what hotel is the kodak sign on?
what is the sign name?
what pharmacy is above the bus?
what number is on the supra?
what does it say on the hood of the car to the left of the orange truck with flames?
what is the name of the business?
what kind of car is the yellow one?
what company is on the red flag in the left corner?
what 3 letters are written in white on the news paper rack?
what does that van say?
what type of vehicule is this?
what is the license plate number of the blue car?
what is the medallion number for this taxi?
what is the sign in the top left indicating?
what is one of the numbers on the wall?
what is the route number?
what are the first 2 letters of the license plate?
what is the number of the taxi on the right?
what is the number of the taxi on the left?
what is the name of this building?
what is the name on the black awning on the left?
what kind of car is in the lower left?
what road is up ahead on the right?
how many traffic cones are in the picture?
which public service department operates this vehicle?
what town is this cop from?
what is written on the blue marquee about the minivan?
what is written below the picture of the lady?
what is the license of the truck?
what does the road sign say except for?
what sign is above the jamba juice?
what kind of scoundrel is described on the sign?
is the first number on the van to the left a zero?
what is the number near the rear of the car?
what is written on the side of the car?
what name is on this car?
what is on the wall behind the car?
what is the name of the bank on the building on the right?
what brand is advertised on top of the taxicab in the center?
what is the name of the fast food place with the giant yellow "m"?
what play is advertised to the left of mcdonald's?
what state do the police work for?
what unit number is the police car?
the red banner says the best what?
what is the number of the taxi car?
what is the number on the white bus?
what company owns the big truck on the left?
what is on the orange sign?
what sort of vehicle is it?
what is scrolling on the electronic billboard?
what is the phone number above the white car?
which city is this?
what is the name of the business with the green sign with white font?
what is the name of the shop with the brown frontage in the middle?
what is the name of the shop in the middle of the picture?
what is the license plate of the vw?
what restaurant are the protesters in front of?
what is written in white on the road that the taxi is approaching?
is there a sign for tour buses?
what is the name on the top of the building?
what movie is playing?
what show is playing?
who is advertising on the sign?
what number bus is the white bus?
how many people that bus can carry at a time?
what bank is in the photo?
what is the taxi number?
what sandwich shop has a green background on their sign?
whats the big name on top of the building?
what coffee shop is on the right?
what type of car is being shown here?
what type of car is the yellow car in the back?
what is the license plate on the taxi at back of the line?
what is the plate of the taxi in front of the last one?
is edison the name of a parking lot?
what is the license plate number?
according to the bumper sticker, who is the co-pilot?
what show is advertised on the bus?
what is the bus number?
where is this photo taken?
what does the store in the background sell?
what city is on the sign?
what number is the bike?
whats the license plate number on the red car?
what is the license plate number for this car?
what is the taxi's number?
what is the fine for blocking the intersection?
what is the caution tape labeled?
whats the city of the taxi?
what is the right lane for?
what is the large yellow letter displayed at the bottom?
watch for what?
what is the first word written on the right yellow truck?
who took this photo?
what number is on the building behind the black car?
what hotel is on the street?
what company is on the left?
what banking institution is located here?
what is written on the street sign?
what's the first letter of the sign on the right?
what is the letter in yellow towards the background?
what color is the cab?
what is the number of this cab?
what is the name of the bus on the right?
what store is shown in this area?
what does the store make?
what is the store name on the turquoise banner?
what is the store in red?
what is the name of the store?
what number is written on the back of the bus?
is this google headquarters?
what is the name on the sign?
which is the cab company for this taxi?
according to the circle on the front fender, what is this taxicab's number?
what is the route number of the red bus?
what color is the main car?
when is parking not allowed?
who is the sign from?
what times are mentioned on the no-left-turn sign at the top?
what kind of vehicle is allowed to turn left between 7am and 7pm?
what year is printed on the paper in the woman's hand?
what is the number on this man's back?
what time was this taken?
what is the date of this photo?
what city is the taxi from?
what kind of beer is the ad showing?
what is the name of the spa?
what does the orange sing say?
what name is repeated four times on the sign?
which bank is this?
what camera company can be seen advertised?
what 2 letters are displayed on the sign under the circle type logo?
what is the name of the play on the sign with a girl and a dog?
what fast food place has the big <?
who is looking?
what is in the blue diamond in the bottom left corner?
what is the name of this business?
what brand of soft frozen lemonade?
what type of vehicle is this?
who is the manufacturer of this vehicle?
what is this taxi advertising?
what number is the taxi?
what kind of vehicle is this?
what does the taxi advertise on sign?
in what row is this car parked?
what bank is this in the picture?
what is the name of the bank?
what is the theatre showing?
what theater is wicked playing at?
what is the license plate on the orange vehicle?
what is plate number for yellow car on left?
what number car is this?
what brand of tires?
what identification number is on the closest taxi?
what do the taxis say in green text?
what is the plate number for the car?
what service does this offer?
what does the shirt say?
what is the pawn shop called?
who drew the big dog?
what does the red text say?
what is the url on the car?
what is written on the door of the closest yellow taxi?
1.6 is on air where?
what color is the car?
what city is this taxi in?
what does it say on the side of the car?
what brand of cars are those?
what do those guys work for?
what is the bus name?
what is the name of the bus?
should they go slow or fast?
what speed should they go?
what should you keep local?
for better "what?" for better rides?
what watch company is advertised on the building?
what word is on the side of the car?
what type of car is this?
what is the phone number for this taxi?
what kind of taxi is it?
what type of vehicle is this?
is this taxi from ny?
what collor is writte on the top of the cab?
what is the name of the kiosk?
what does the text on the top of the yellow car say?
what is the lisencse of the taxi?
what city does the taxi belong to?
what website should you visit to start your real estate search?
what is the name of the opticians?
what kind of center is this?
what the the yellow car say?
what is the letter that is on the man's sleeve?
is the bus advertising new pom hula or old pom hula?
what are the three numbers on the back of the yellow car?
what soda brand is being advertised on the billboard?
what electronics brand is cited above the coca-cola sign?
what are the 2 letters on the left?
what does it say on the windshield?
what is on sale behind the police car?
what city is this police car stationed in?
which president does the bumper sticker show support for?
what type of vehicle is shown?
where is this event held?
what event is this?
the green letters read?
what is the license plate of this station wagon?
what is the license plate of this taxi?
what is the taxi's identification code on the passenger door?
what does the license plate say?
where should people eat at?
what courier company is the white truck part of?
is this 7th avenue?
what city does this taxi belong?
what english word is mentioned on the right?
what is the plate number visible on the black car?
what is the name of the store on the left?
what does the white license plate say?
what are the two letters visable on the black van?
is this building for sale?
what does the car say?
what is the name of the play in orange lettering?
what is the guy saying?
how many periods appear after oh?
what is the license plate number of this oldie?
is particular a city in cuba?
what kind of tailors are advertised?
what kind of fashions?
what city is the taxi from?
who is the ceo of yahoo!?
what number is on the sign?
what white numbers can be seen on the taxi?
what type of vehicle is written on the blue and white sign?
what season is mentioned on one of the billboards?
what company is listed on the red sign?
what movie is in the poster ad?
is there a taxi with the word taxi on it in this picture?
what is the name of the building on the arch?
what are the yellow cars?
what is the phone number for yellow cab?
what does the sign in blue say?
what is the orange and white vehicle?
what coffee shop is on the first and second floors?
what brand owns this store?
what is the name of the store?
what is the plate number on the left?
what is the front license plate number on the car to the right?
what does it say on the top sign on the building in the middle?
what does the sign on the right say?
what is the name of this store?
what does the back of the truck say?
what is on the side of the truck?
where is the cartoon taxi from?
what type of vehicle is this?
what is the street name?
what is the licence plate number on the blue classic car?
what car manufacturer is mentioned at the top?
what is the name of the store?
what movie is showing at the stuart theatre?
what is the yellow car used for?
what company is the car with?
what is written on the sign on the roof of the car?
what type of gas is sold on the white sign?
what is the name of the place with the red and white awning?
what number is on the banner above the man in a black shirt?
what is on the white sign in the middle of the back?
what is this city?
this some book?
what number is written on the large green sign on the left?
what kind of food is served at the restaurant?
what restaurant's name is written vertically twice on the banners to the right?
what is the bus' id number?
what does the red sign on the bus instruct drivers to do?
what store is being them?
what brand of camera is the girl on the right holding?
where is this located?
what time is it?
what kind of monday is it?
what is the speed limit on this street?
what text can you see?
what modes of transportation do you see?
what brand is the cafe shown?
what is written in white on the top of the taxi?
what is the number on the front of this go car?
what kind of a tour car is this?
what are one of the large brands shown here?
what brand is being advertised on the highest billboard?
what emergency service is this vehicle to be used for?
what number is this vehicle?
what color is the traffic light?
what is the sign next to the traffic light?
which state does this ambulance serve?
what is the licence plate number of the left taxi?
what is the second word of the store on the left?
what is the first word on the sign?
what brand is advertised on the billboard?
what does the white sign say?
who does the truck belong to?
what city is being served?
what word is listed on the top part of the door?
what kind of car is this?
what are the numbers on the side of the car?
what kind of cars are lined up?
what state is the front taxi license plate from?
what city is this cab in?
what city is on the side of the yellow car?
what street is this picture taken at?
what number is on top of the bus?
what number is on the orange vest?
what is on the side of the car?
what is the taxi number on the left taxi?
what is the license plate?
what are the letters on top of the truck?
what items are featured here?
what is the license plate number of the car in the middle?
what beer company has an advertisement here?
what is the license plate number?
what is the license plate number?
what number and letter is shown on the blue sign?
what company is on the blue van?
what letter is on the yellow car?
what is the identification text on the scooter?
what kind of car is the yellow?
what is the name of this restaurant?
what is the tag number of the yellow van?
what is one of the broadway show ads in this photo?
what does the company vornado in the blue ad sell?
what is the name of the one of the stocks on the scrolling marque?
what investment bank is shown on the blue sign?
what store is on the left?
what does the black sign with the white arrow say?
what ad is on top of the cab?
is there a starbucks nearby?
what entrance is that?
what type of bar is on the sign?
what is the number after the word "album"?
what company is advetised on the sign on the pole?
what is the business name on the white side of the building?
what is the name on the wall above the cafe?
what number taxi is this?
which city does this vehicle operate out of?
what does the yellow and black sign say?
what is happening to this store?
what does the license plate say?
what state is the license plate?
what brand of car is the yellow taxi?
what is the number of the motorcycle?
whats the name of the gas station?
is that a nyc taxi?
what is the number on the back of the yellow taxi?
what type of car is this?
what letter is on the cars side?
what are the first three letters on the taxi's plate?
what are the first three letters of the car behind the taxi's license plate?
what does his shirt say?
what bank is on the right?
what kind of station is on the red sign?
what yellow car is parked out front?
what is that storefront called?
what number should you call for an emergency?
what is on the license plate of the middle taxi?
what is the licence plate for the silver car?
who made the silver car?
what does it say on the green sign to the right of the traffic light?
what is the license plate?
what is written on the bag?
what does the bag say?
what is advertised on the top of the cab in all caps?
who's laundry is mentioned on the sign to the left?
what is bertha's free of?
what is on the fabric sign hanging up?
what is the yellow establishment called?
what is written on the green sign?
what brand is under the pink logo?
what company is advertised in the upper right just right of center?
what is the nearest yellow car's license plate number?
what number in on the back of the orange vest?
what number is the cab?
what is the company for this cab service?
where is this bus going?
what stop is mt st vincent?
what company owns the truck on the left?
what kind of waters does freshdirect advertise?
what is the only english letter on the yellow banners?
what is written on the green shirt on the right?
what establishment is the one shown in the picture?
what does the sign on the taxi say?
what word is in large font on the back window of the black and yellow car?
what is the licence plate of the car?
what is the name of the cupcake shop?
what brand of soda is in the machine across the street?
what does it say on the taxi sign?
what city is this taxi working in?
what is wrote on the left in white and red?
what kind of company is beeps?
is this race car sponsored by beeps?
what's the name of the taxi comany?
what is the taxi's number?
what type of truck is this?
what is the plate number?
what is the model name of this daewoo?
the shop is called hare and what?
what does it say on the sign in red?
is that taxi, tx-2760?
what three letters are found on the licence plate of the red car?
what is the license plate number?
what is the plate number?
what is the yellow car?
is there a taxi?
what kind of vehicle is the first car shown in the picture?
what does the car say on the top?
what is the first word of the quote on the closest yellow sign?
what number is the bus route?
what is the cab number?
the letters and numbers on the cab behind the girl say?
what is the phone number on this meter?
what is the number written in red on the right meter?
what kind of change?
what does the logo on the boy's shirt say?
is pierce street on the boy's shirt a bicycle company?
what movie is playing?
what is the cab number of the orange cab?
what is the name of the reddish building?
what letter is written in yellow on the red sign?
what color is the car infront?
what does it say on the white banner on the left?
what is on the sign beneath the one way sign on the pole in the middle?
what is the plate number?
what is in quotation marks?
what's written in red?
what is the name on the building to the right of the graffiti?
what is the first number of the phone number?
how is the bus cleaner for the air than a normal bus?
how many one way streets are there?
what are the numbers with the green background?
what does the red sign say?
what does the sign in the bottom left corner tell you not to do?
what is the name of the observation deck?
what kind of vehicle is the yellow car?
what is the license plate number?
what kind of car is seen here?
what number is on top of the police car?
what number is on the sign?
what white letters are written on both images?
how many yards away is the construction?
what is on the sign?
what is proof?
what does the lite up sign say?
what website is on the truck?
what do they do?
what type of car is that?
this car is a bmw?
what year does the faded time stamp say?
what does the lighted sign on top of the cab say?
what movie opens on christmas day?
what theater is this?
what kind of vehicle is this?
what type of bus is this?
what street are they on?
is this a two-way street?
what parking spot is the yellow car in?
what is the snack shop selling?
what's the taxi's number?
what does the sign on top of the taxi say?
what road is this?
what is written on the red banner?
what is on the yellow banner?
what company is advertising on the blue sign, written vertically?
what is the name of the sports store?
what is the sprint slogan on the big black board?
what is the middle news category?
what time does the phone say on the screen?
who made this phone?
what brand is the phone?
what kind of phone is being shown here?
who is the person messaging?
what is the brand of phone?
what time is it?
what kind of phone is this?
what search engine can you use on the phone?
what is the number in the calendar app?
what social media app is on the bottom right of this phone?
what's above the door?
what kind of websites are discussed?
what website produced these results?
what time is on the phone?
what app is shown on the phone?
what is the text in the red square on the bottom?
what text is displayed as a watermark?
what brand of phone?
what time is it on the phone the woman on the right is holding?
what manufacturer makes this phone?
what brand phone is on the right?
what brand of phone is on the left?
how many apps are on this page excluding market?
what is the time?
what brand of phone is on the left?
what time is shown on this phone?
what brand of phone is this?
what time is displayed?
what's the name on the cup?
what type of smart phone does he have?
what time is on the phone?
what temperature does the phone say it is?
what type of phone is this?
what brand of phone is advertised here?
what is the brand of this phone?
who makes this phone?
what brand is the device?
what time does the device display?
how many notifications are on the telephone app?
what model of samsung is this phone?
what operating system does this samsung run?
what brand of phone is this?
is dts written on the bottom of the back of this phone?
what is the app shown on this phone?
what does clock blocks do as an app?
what is the dollar value on the phone?
who issued the credit card?
what brand is the phone?
what is the bottom left number on the phone?
what type of phone is this?
what kind of phone is this?
what brand of phone is on the box?
what is written on the middle phone's screen?
what series of phone is this?
what style of elements?
what cell service is the phone on the right with?
what time is it on the phone on the right?
what page are they on?
phone is very nice?
what style of phones are these?
who is the service provider of a phone?
what is the brand of beer?
what is the brand of alcohol?
12:35 a.m or p.m?
what brand is the phone?
what time is it on the phone?
what brand phone is this?
what time is it on the phone?
what is the brand of this phone?
what phone brand is this?
what brand phone is this?
what kind of phone is this?
what is the time displayed on the phone?
what type of iphone is being advertised?
what app is in the bottom left corner?
was this phone difficult to type on?
what letter and number are on the star key?
where is the menu button?
what time does the smartphone say it is?
what type of phone is this?
what is the color written on the bottom of the black phone?
what button is seen between the star and the pound sign?
what type of phone brand is on the table?
what time is it, according to the phone?
what is the brand name on the back of the phone?
is this an iphone or an android phone?
what type of hotline is this?
what word appears above the line?
what video streaming service is shown at the top of the smartphone screen?
what time is it on the phone?
what company made the phone?
what kind of both is this?
does this telephone booth have a push or pull door?
what brand is the phone case?
what does the app in the top left corner say?
what company makes the computer?
what model is this phone?
if i wanted to start typing a name that started with c which numeric key would i press?
what number is the finger pressing?
what brand of phone is this?
what is written under the apps on the bottom row of the screen?
what brand of phone is this?
what time is shown?
what is the brand of the phone?
what app is in the green square?
what time does the watch say?
what is the name of the open app?
what time is it on the phone?
what carrier is this iphone with?
what time is on the phone?
what website are they on?
what is written below tech that?
what kind of radio is seen here?
what is the first text suggestion on the phone?
what time is displayed on his phone?
what temperature in celcius does the phone show?
what letter logo can be seen in the bottom right?
what is the brand of the laptop on the table?
what operating system is the laptop running?
is that a type of machine by the company symbol?
what it is?
how many inches is the phone?
how many cm is this phone?
what brand of phone is this?
what is the brand of phone shonw?
which search engine is being used?
what age is this toy for?
who makes this phone?
this is mobile?
what is the word that starts with a "j" on this phone?
what brand of phone is this?
what game is on the phone?
what time is on the phone?
wow nice lg phone?
what time is on the phone on the right?
what brand is the phone in the middle?
what phone brand is this?
what sport is named near the top of the phone screen?
what time does the phone read?
what brand of phone is shown?
what brand are these phones?
what service is the phone for?
what time is it on the screen?
what store are they at?
what service do these phones run on?
what does the top option with the orange icon say?
what app has a wine glass icon?
what is the brand of the phone?
what is the brand of these phones?
are these phones made by lg?
what date is shown on the phone?
what time is shown on the phone?
what kind of app is this?
what is the time?
what day of the month is it, according to the phone?
what company is on the silver phone?
is there a "space" key?
what brand of cigarettes is on the table?
what app is being used?
how many pounds?
what app is this an ad for?
what is the app now availale on?
what company made this smartphone?
what time does the phone read?
what search engine is shown on the phone?
what time is shown on the phone on the right?
what time on the phone?
what is the app on the bottom left?
what is the brand of this phone?
what website is shown?
what time is shown on the phone?
what brand is this phone?
what model phone is this?
what time does the phone show?
what is the brand of the phone?
what brand is this device?
is this a sony phone?
what word is listed in the red line on the phone screen?
who is the manufacturer?
what kind of network is on this phone?
how many type of phones do you see?
what time is displayed on the center phone?
what time is it according to the phone?
what app is in the bottom left corner?
what time is shown on the phone on the right?
what brand is the phone on the right?
what time is it?
what is the phone's brand?
what search engine is on the phone?
what is the name of this toy?
what is the age for the kids?
what country is the passport on the top left for?
what countries passport is the person on the right holding?
what does the app on the top row, left side say?
what time is being displayed?
what brand of phone is it?
what date is displayed on  the left phone?
what is the green letter?
what does it say above instructables?
what does the knife say written in the white rectangle?
what brand of phone is this?
what is in the red booth?
what does it say on the top of the red booth?
what brand of cellphone is this?
does this phone have a 0 button?
what time is it?
what brand phone?
what brand of cell phone is this?
what time is shown on the phone?
what brand of phone is that?
what time is shown?
what is the time shown onthe phone on the right?
how many emails does the phone on the left have?
what time is displayed on the phone?
this is mobile phone?
how much is it to make a call?
what does it say right above the pay phone?
what brand is displayed in the background?
which brand phone is featured in the black box?
what model phone is this?
what icon is the purple app?
what time is displayed on the phone on the right?
what is the name of this electronic device?
at  what time was the photo taken?
what kind of mobile is this?
what brand is shown?
what is the date on the calendar app?
is this an lg phone?
what is the brand of this phone?
what app are they using?
what does the orange bar say?
what time is it?
what type of phone is on the left?
is this the world's smallest or biggest jigsaw puzzle?
what brand is the phone in this picture?
what is the brand of the phone in the middle?
what is the brand on the cigarette box?
what brand of bag is on the table?
what large brand is shown on the pay phone?
what brand of phone is this?
what time is it?
who is the manufacturer of the cell phone?
what is the bottom number on the phone?
what is the brand of the phone?
what is in the lower right corner?
what type of battery brand does the phone use?
what kind of phone is on the right?
what is the product number on the first information card?
what brand of phones are these?
what is the time displayed on the phone?
what does the app on the bottom left corner say?
who is the manufacturer of the phone?
what does the phone say on its screen?
what date is on the phone?
how many kilograms does the box say it weighs?
what is the name of the brand?
what is located inside this?
what is the word on top of the box?
what kind of phone is this?
what number is in the middle on the bottom?
is this a telephone booth?
what time does the phone say it is?
whats the name of the first app to the top left on the screen?
is this from germany?
does this say no delivery to neighbor on it?
what brand is this phone?
what type of slot is located above the lever?
what brand are these phones?
what day is it according to the phone on the left?
what brand is the one on the right?
what brand is the phone on the left?
how many apps are in the app store for apple products?
what brand name is in the bottom left corner?
which company made this cellphone?
what app is being advertised?
what number is in the upper right green banner?
what is this booth for?
this is kain?
what kind of connections?
what brand of phone?
what time is it?
what type of booth is this?
what kind of magnets are these?
what brand of phone is this?
what time is shown on the phone?
what does it say on the top of the pay phone on the left?
who can use this phone?
what type of index is mentioned on the phone screen?
what is the brand of the phone?
in what language is this phone?
what company made this phone?
what phone model is being featured?
what kind of phone is on the right?
what brand of phone on the right?
what brand of phone is that?
what is the title of the phamplet?
what time is shown on the phone?
what app is on the top left of the screen?
who makes this phone?
who is the carrier for this phone's service?
what word/s does the screen display?
what brand of phone is that?
what brand of phones are these?
what time is it according to these phones?
where is the "options" button?
what is written on the bottom right of the screen?
what time is the meeting, according to the yellow sticky note?
what is the brand of the white phone?
what time is on display?
what time is displayed?
what carrier is the phone?
what time is displayed on the phone on the right?
is there a facebook app on the phone?
who's name is on the right phone?
is that an apple watch?
what is the time on the third phone?
who makes these phones?
what is one of the apps featured on the phone screen?
how many email does this person have?
what does the white sign say?
what does the gray sign say?
what brand of phone is this?
what is the first icon on the top left for?
what time is on the phone?
what kind of phone?
what date is on the calender?
what brand of smartphone is this?
when is it dad's birthday?
what time does the phone show?
what brand are these phones?
what is the name of the purple app on the phone in person is holding?
what is the brand of this phone?
what number is on the app on the phone?
how many voicemails are on the answering machine?
what kind of iphone is it?
what brand of phone are these?
is the battery recyclable?
what time is it on this phone?
what brand is this phone?
what model is this nokia phone?
how many millions is displayed on the screen?
what brand is the phone?
what brand is on the flyer on the right?
boys are playing?
what kind of phones are these?
what kind of phones are these?
what kind of booth is this?
what does it say on the red sign to the right to the phone booth?
is zain the phone company?
what company logo is posted next to the phone?
who is texting this phone?
what does the button say on the very bottom right of the screen?
isn't that an iphone 4?
what time is it?
what is the name of the app with the downward facing green arrow?
this is mobile phone?
brand name of this laptop?
what does the computer screen say?
what's the bottom left icon?
what time is shown on the phone?
what brand is that phone?
what day of the week is displayed?
what time is displayed in the upper right corner?
what is the search bar?
which company made these phones?
who makes the cell phone?
who makes the care?
what is the model name of this case?
who is the manufacturer of the cell phone?
what time is it in los angeles?
how many gb's does the phone have?
how many gb is the iphone being sold?
in what event is this photo taken?
what state was it?
what is the word on the screen?
what happened to the witness?
killed by fake cops?
what is the title of the article on the screen?
what is the name of the robot on the projector?
what year was this taken?
what text is on the background?
what hashtags are on this picture?
what is the title of this presentation?
is there a number on the screen greater than 10?
at what establishment will this performer be live?
what body part is written in blue?
what is the band's name?
what is the name of the doctor?
what speed are they driving?
what time does the screen show?
what gaming system is this?
what brand is the tv?
what is next to his face?
race for the what?
what country is the television host discussing?
what is the name of the doctor?
what show is on in the background?
which tv channel is this from?
which state is named on the sign in front of the microphone?
which brand of tv?
what brand tv is this?
what does the sticker say?
what type of computers are they using?
is any text visible on the background books?
what kind of laptop is this?
which stretch of months are going to be the busy times?
what is the topic for number one?
what word is highlighted on left side of screen?
this is led tv?
what is the brand of the computer screen?
is that monitor made by benq?
what car manufacturer sponsors the hockey game on tv?
who is winning the game?
what kind of bet is shown on the banner?
what brand is the model representing?
what time is the show?
where state is under the logo?
what brand of tv is on display?
what's the name of the tv model on the bottom of the poster?
what is the score for j?
what is the score for d?
what singer is pictured here?
what song is highlighted?
how far into the movie are they?
are they watching avatar?
what does the background say?
what brand of computer monitor is this?
what country is written on the man's shirt who is holding a trophy?
what platform is the video from?
what is printed on the bottom left of the tv?
what does the glowing red sign say in the back?
what is being set?
who is criticizing a group of zem straightors?
how did the demonstrators behave?
what tv program is that?
what is the name of the network icon the show is playing on?
what children's movie starts at 9:30am?
what is the date?
what brand of monitor is this?
what is the title of the clip being watched on the screen?
is this a youtube search result?
which company is sponsoring the event on tv?
what is written on the bottom of the skateboard?
what tv channel is in the top right corner?
what does it say below?
what is the brand name to the left?
what year is this event?
what year is on the poster?
what brand of tv's are these?
which team is leading?
what basketball teams are playing each other?
what is on the sign to the right of the television?
what is skinbit for or about?
what company is shown?
what brand is the laptop?
what sinatra song is that?
how long is the song?
how many organic products do they carry?
what kind of products do they carry?
what is the brand of the tv?
what does it say on the tv?
what operating system is the computer?
what actionscript does the book discuss?
what computer brand is this?
what is the first letter of the brand?
what drink is that?
what letter is shown on the f4 key?
what is the brand of the black and red device?
what television channel is on display?
what is his number at the far right end?
what is the number on the mans shirt to the very right?
what is in the title bar of this application?
what is the tv brand seen here?
who is speaking?
what is the speakers name?
what television network is this?
brand name dell?
what clothing brand is advertised on the screen?
what type of originals is mentioned?
what sort of library is this?
is this a smart tv?
who is speaking?
what date is displayed?
what year is the conference?
what company put on this conference?
who is the manufacturer of the blu0ray players?
what brand of tv is this?
what channel are they watching?
where can you purchase the tv?
what kind of advert is this?
what is the name of the t.v. service provider in blue?
what is the title of the tv show?
is via concerned about the environment?
what is the blue word on the bottom?
what company made this game?
what is the name of the game?
what company name is printed on the front of the white box?
is this the northwest's largest selection, mentioned on the box?
what association is advertised on the wall?
what brand is the tv?
what brand tv is this?
who is playing at suns?
what is being watched on tv?
what brand of monitor is this?
what letter does the name begin with?
what is the name of the historical society?
what is the name of this national historical park?
who is the athlete from china?
who finished first?
what brand is this tv?
what type of monitor is this?
what brand is this television?
what channel is this show on?
what number is seen in orange?
what brand of monitor?
what does it say at the top of the t.v?
who makes this laptop?
what is the brand name of this laptop?
what is the title of the youtube video?
is player 10 on their screen?
what brand of blu-ray player is this?
what brand is the dvd ?
what is the tag line above the logo?
what does the nike logo say above it?
what brand tv is this?
is this a samsung tv?
what type of food is this?
what is the last 4 digits of the number in the circle?
who is on this bus?
what does the bus sell?
what brand of phone is this?
what university is the diploma from?
what does the other text on the diploma say?
what is the brand name of the television?
what company makes the laptop?
what brand of computer is this?
what model is this computer?
what psalm is this?
what year was this taken?
what kind of theater is in the background?
what does the man's shirt say he is?
what does the picture/sticker on the laptop say?
the writing behind him is too far to read, what does it say?
how many steps are listed on the sign?
what brand is this tv?
what is the brand of the tv?
what system is being use on the tv?
what brand is this tv?
does it say dvd at the top left?
what is the timer at?
what is written on the athlete's jersey?
what's the year under dinosaur?
what word is above the year on the right hand side?
what is the name of the president in the newscast?
who screwed up?
what brand of tv is this?
what is a key feature of this armor?
what are the initials?
what does the sign near the ceiling say?
how many eyes does the monster have?
what game is this?
what team is winning this game?
what word is written under the box of popcorn?
what category is the highlighted box?
what is the make of that tv set?
what number is on the black machine?
whats the name of the picture engine?
who's funeral is being broadcasting on tv?
what channel is this?
what is the word written in red?
what is the brand of the television?
who is ranked number two on the sky sports chart?
what number would you use to text them?
what company is above the monitor?
what color is the fourth letter above the megatron?
what word is displayed on the screen behind the man?
which group is this person in?
what kind of processing is this?
what is the brand of processor on the ad?
what's th epink neon read?
what is the make of this monitor?
what four options are displayed on the bottom of the blue screen?
what channel is this show on?
what brand is the monitor?
can you be able to read what is on the screen?
is the question on the screen asking about what customers want online?
what is the brand of tv?
what is the time stamp on the screen?
what brand is this pc?
what is watermarked on the bottom right of the image?
what awards show are they at?
how many of these awards have taken place?
what percent discount can you get?
what are they selling?
who does the copyright belong to?
name the t.v. brand?
what brand of monitor?
what is the text in the middle of the three arrows?
how many seconds are left?
what is the score?
what kit is being shown on the screen?
what does it say on the tv screen?
is the television company from vizio?
what does smith do?
what time is it?
what is the name written under the timestamp?
what number can be seen?
who are one of the sponsors of the ice skating event?
what is mentioned as one per child?
what is the name of this event?
how much do the nachos cost?
what kind of ale is being advertised in red?
what brand is the tv?
what time is displayed in the right corner?
how many minutes is displayed next to the battery icon?
what is the motor company that's displayed on the screen?
what is the coffee company being displayed?
what operating system is this?
what brand of monitor is this?
what is the brand of this tv?
what number is shown on the screen?
what brand is the laptop?
how many goals does france have?
what is the score?
what is currently being played on channel 812?
what time is clever mop on?
what is the time in the photo?
what is the news about?
what company's name is on the monitor?
what is the captain's name?
what is the name of the partners?
what year did this event take place?
what is the jersey number on the left guy?
what brand is the laptop?
what color is the name of the brand of the laptop?
what is the future being discussed here?
the what of education?
what is the name of the album featured on the music channel?
who is the musical artist of the album?
what initials are written in capitals on the top left corner?
what brand of monitor is this?
what does the tv say?
what kind of tv is this?
what channel is the tv on?
what is the first word shown on the tv?
what brand of tv is displayed on the screen?
whats on the screen?
what is the brand of this monitor?
what brand is this tv?
what year is posted at the top?
what is the name on the nameplate?
what is the man's name?
what is the time?
what brand is this laptop?
are they working on a recovery?
what hotdogs are being sold today?
what time is shown?
where is the conference being held?
is the screen welcoming us?
what teams are playing?
what is the score?
is allsport mentioned here?
what is the copyright year?
is this live tv?
what television station is being broadcast?
what network is this?
how many electoral college votes did obama have in this photo?
is this made by lg?
what team does henry blanco play for?
which station is this?
what brand of soda is on the table?
what is the ad supporting?
what is the company name on the bottom left in the gray area?
what is the first rule listed at the top?
what kind of rules are displayed on the top/?
what is the name on the desk?
does the nokia have a querty keyboard?
this playstore available in the laptop?
where is this convention being held at?
what is the name of the forum?
what does the top line say on the tv?
what word is highlighted?
what kind of pixel is mentioned at the top of the page?
what is the name of the article?
what is the hashtag?
what letter is before the word division?
what is the letter of the first button in the bottom row?
what is written in white on blue on the box behind the computer?
what brand tv is this?
what is on after reflections?
what kind of guide is this?
what number comes after the brand name?
what step are we on ?
what brand of tv is this?
what is cleared?
how many points did they get?
what time is it in the soccer game?
who is playing in the game?
what's the copyright years?
what rights are reserved?
what does it say inside of the circle?
what number is shown in the white bubble?
which team is leading?
what's the score?
what sentence is in big white letters over the computer?
what music festival is she watching?
what will the low be on 6/17 in brooklyn?
what city is this weather forecast for?
what is the name on the dragon poster?
what brand television is in the middle?
what company made the computer moniter?
what is the brand name printed on the top left of the monitor?
when was the debate?
what is the name of the machine?
what brand is listed for wheel lighting?
what time is left in the game?
what time is on the board?
what channel is on the tv?
what brand is the tv?
what time is displayed on the screen?
which player is from the usa?
who is the player from france?
what show is on the screen?
which seasons are available?
what is the company in the ad?
holistic networker is your guide to what?
what does the bottom tele say?
what is written on the bottom screen?
what search engine is up on the tv on the wall?
what is the logo in white on the laptop?
what is the brand of computer?
what brand of tv is in the background?
what kind of electronics are shown in the background of this photo?
what game is shown on the right?
what is the monitor brand?
what brand of laptop is this?
what shows are playing now?
what time is it on the screen?
when was this conference?
what are the three letters to the right of the sign that is to the right of the speaker?
what brand of computer is this?
what does it say on the top right?
what are the names of the two cameras on the bottom?
what is the speaker's topic for this slide?
what is the brand mentioned in the top right corner?
what social media is mentioned?
what is the name of the top responder?
what's the make of the monitor?
what kind thinking on the screen?
what is the shown in the top left image on the monitor?
what words are on the powerpoint presentation?
who authored the presentation?
what is the year on the tag under the tv?
what brand is this tv?
what is the brand of the smart tvs?
what percentage is savings of?
by how much can you reduce storage costs?
what is written on the name plate?
what is the big number in white?
which streaming service in red is mentioned?
what is the website showing?
what website is this?
what brand is the monitor?
what does it say in the bottom left corner of the monitor?
what is the brand of laptop?
what percentage is it at?
what did the person spell out?
what brand name is on the monitor?
what kind of laptop is off to the left?
is sensation the computer or just a sticker?
what kind of story?
what's written in green?
what gaming system is this for?
what process is this person going through?
she swam by who?
what did she get?
what brand of monitor / tv is this?
what is the brand of this tv?
how much time is left in the game?
who is the giants vice president of communications?
what social media is displayed?
what brand of television is that?
how many khz?
what kind of work shop?
what is the score?
who is playing the leafs?
where is this arena located?
what team is leeds playing against?
what was the final score of this game?
what is this player's score?
what company is giving this presentation?
what is the top left spanish phrase?
what brand of water is in the bottle?
what is the date of this event?
what show is on the t.v.?
what year is on the screen?
how many goals has arsenal fc scored in the game?
what is the name of the station showing the sport?
what is the name of the game being played?
what is the room number?
what gaming system is displayed here?
what time is displayed?
what is the channel number that is highlighted?
is lg a sponsor?
is the word on the bottom of the monitor lg?
what are you checking in for?
what is the airline?
what is the time on the display?
what is the word to the far right on the monitor?
what kind of shark is this?
which animal is mentioned?
what is the network name?
what city is being shown?
what is the time stamp on the tv #3 playing on the far right?
is there an off switch on these?
what season is it?
is astrology mentioned here?
what are they watching?
what is the movie title?
what brand of device is this?
was this made in japan?
what version of windows is it?
what aisle includes vodka?
what newspaper brand is being sold?
what newspaper can you buy here?
what year is on the image?
what day is it?
what make could this desktop be?
what channel are they watching?
what website is shown in the lower right cornor?
what brand is this tv?
what's the name at the top of the right page?
who took this photo?
where can i go to find more photos like this?
what are you supposed to press?
what must be formatted?
who is featured?
what song name is shown?
what is the article informing the reader on?
is the program being shown live?
is that news?
what sort of expo is it?
what game is on the ipad?
what company made the computer on the left?
what brand is the computer monitor?
what brand tv is this?
what brand of drink is near the keyboard?
key board is there?
what is one of the things the product can be used for?
what phone number on the ad?
is that a story book?
what book is that?
what does the sign say?
what is this show?
what year is shown below the troipical picture?
what button is located on the bottom right?
what place is on top?
what is the score of the brooklyn and miami game?
what time does it say in the upper left corner of the tv screen?
is this picture at 100%?
in what type of format is this picture?
what company logo is shown above the crowd on the display?
what type of phone is being shown here?
how much time is left on the clock on the monitor?
what does the banner on the left say?
how much time is shown on the left?
what kind of pixel is mentioned?
what company is featured on the sign on the top left?
which company made this laptop?
what year is on the sign?
who finds it's place?
what channel is this?
what is the year mentioned on the tv screen?
what convention is shown on this television?
who is the man on the screen?
what large technology company is shown to the right of the bullseye?
what person is the news about?
what time was this picture taken?
what kind of computer is this?
what brand is the laptop?
what show are they watching?
what platform is at the top?
what is that screen?
what brand is the monitor?
what brand of tv is this?
what is the speaker's presentation about?
who is this presentation powered by?
what state is the event being held in?
who sponsors this forum?
what website is seen?
what number or date is shown on the web page?
what is the title of this slide?
how many hours ago were the podcasts updated?
what is this about?
what is on tv?
what time is it?
who is playing in the game?
what channel is the game one?
what brand is the monitor?
what game console is advertised here?
who is the manufacturer of this tv?
who is the manufacturer of the tv?
what is the word in color in the book on the right page?
which playstation is on the sign?
what gaming console is featured?
what website is the user on?
what is the first letter of the name of the website?
is the computer in a lab?
what time is it on the computer?
what company logo is being used as the wallpaper on the computer screen?
what is the headline of this presentation?
what color is the text in this image?
what numbers are on the screen?
which color is displayed in blue?
how many hdmi slots are shown?
what is the title of the television show?
what brand tv?
what time is on the clock?
what company sponsers this ad?
what brand is this screen?
what is role number one?
what brand of laptop is this?
is this a samsung laptop?
what is the star saying in the speech bubble?
what is the copywrite of this ?
who's the tv manufacturer?
does this television have a built in dvd or vhs player?
what is the brand?
what type of phone is this?
what's in the box?
what type of display?
that brand of computer is this?
what version is it?
what application is running?
what does the text say by the circle?
what is the laptop brand?
what number is on the screen?
is this an lg tv?
what brand of tv is that?
what is denied?
what game company is being advertised?
what does the screen says?
how many minutes are remaining?
what name is on the poster?
nations & regions what?
what brand of television is this?
what cable provider is being used for this television?
what lgo is on the top right of the bench?
what is the three digit number?
what speaker brand is the speaker?
what video game box is on the bottom?
what is the name of the event?
what word is below microsoft on the big screens?
what is the web page's name?
what is the name of the station?
what is the instruction written in the board?
what will enter?
how many nerds?
whose product is santa promoting?
where is that beer brewed?
what model type is this monitor?
what is printed on the top left corner of the monitor in this photo?
what type of comeback is mentioned?
what is the title on the slide?
what is the slogan on the pool bar lamp?
the counter is on the bottom right?
what is the brand of laptop here?
what brand of electronics is shown?
what is the brand of these montiors?
what link is shown on the monitor?
what brand of laptop is this?
how many letters are in the brands name?
what mythological creature gets tickled?
is that a movie/?
what kind of laptop is this?
whats on the screen?
what brand is this monitor?
is the text in the windows english?
what brand of laptop is this?
is this tv brand a magnavox?
what word is on the display at the front of the room?
whats the name of the church?
what number is referenced on the orange monitor?
what market is this for?
what is the name of this device?
what level is the player on?
what level is seen here?
what year is this pic?
what is the green bottom for?
what is the time?
what is the brand of the mixer?
what is the brand of computer?
what country can be seen listed on the sign behind the computer?
who made the computer screen shown?
what news station is this?
who makes this screen?
what brand is this television?
what's the name of the character that looks like an orange dragon?
what is the name of the princess on the screen that link always saves?
what time is shown on the computer monitor?
what is the time shown on the screen?
what company is on the bottom business card?
do these business cards say gadgetell on them?
what country is rte news from?
what is the television brand name?
does they player's shirt say mtn on it?
what number is the channel?
what brand of electronics is this?
what is the third app shown?
what time is shown on the screen?
what is the name of one of the english teams?
what brand of tv is being showcased here?
what brand is written in white letters/?
what is the advertisement on the athlete's jersey?
where does the red button take you?
what kind of storage is this?
what type of drive is in the laptop?
what game is he playing?
is that an xbox game?
what number is above the man's shoulder?
what else is this man discussing besides evaluation?
what does a equal?
what company is this from?
what is the brand on display?
what well known website is the screen depicting?
is this a television season?
what word is written in the cloud?
what does it say in the large box on this sheet at the bottom?
what does the top of the sheet of paper say?
how many points are the buoys?
what type of machine is being used here?
what kind of sign is it?
what is the title of the presentation?
where does chris law work?
what channel is this on?
what percentage is the install at?
what console is being updated?
what is the computer brand?
what is the website featured on the screen?
what brand is shown on the monitor?
what computer company is shown below the screen?
what is the brand of the monitor?
what year is this ad from?
what is the upper right hand company logo?
what news station is on the television?
what does it say below the monitor screen?
how many years of warranty?
what type of computer is that?
what brand is this computer?
is it in stock?
what brand it is?
how many minutes left on the mcqueen exhibition?
what is written on the computer screen?
from which topic could this presentation be from?
who made this presentation?
what video game is this?
these chips are available how long?
these chips are advertised for what kind of time?
where does the coin come from?
what number is on the right side of the coin?
what brand of drink is this?
what brand of paint?
is this ice coffee?
who is the maker of this ice coffee?
what brand of soda cans are stacked on top of one another?
what are the first 3 letters of the word at the bottom of the middle can?
what type of beverage is this?
what is in the can?
what is the brand of soda?
how many ml is this?
what is the name of the beer?
what is the name of this soda?
cucino product name?
what is the brand to the left?
what is the brand of beer, according to the glass?
what kind of ale is it?
what brand drink is energy venom?
what is written sideways on the black can?
how much alcohol is in this beverage?
is this a regular soda?
what is the brand name?
what brand is the maker of this drink?
how many stars is this premium drink?
what shop has pumpkin butter?
what is in the middle container?
what are these sprays used for?
how much alcohol does this contain?
what is the name of the drink?
what brand of drink is this?
who's name is on the front?
where was this drink made?
what kind of ale?
what drink is in this can?
what is the volume of the can?
what is the brand on the can?
what does it say in the blue section of the label?
what brand soda is shown by this smiling man?
how many ml are in this can?
what is the name of the mart in this ad?
what type of vodka is shown?
what type of drink is this?
what is the brand of this premium beer?
what is the name on the pink can?
what is the name of this soda?
what is this brand of soda?
is the soda in the back row diet or no?
how many ounce are in the container of ethiopian coffee?
what country are the contents of the left can from?
what is the name of this drink on the left?
what is the name of the drink on the right?
what is inside of this can?
what type of drink is that?
what is the brand of the middle can?
what is the volume of the drink?
what is this drink?
what brand of soda is in the can?
what brand of soda are the stack of cans?
how many ounces are in each can?
what is the brand name of the drink?
which brand is promoting this product?
who does the can say to share a coca-cola with?
what brand of soft drink is this?
what brand name is on the beer can?
what year was this company founded?
when was the company established?
is cola on the can?
is this a can of beer?
what year was rochester mills beer co. established?
what type of coffee is this?
when was this beer established?
how many ounces?
what is the name of the stewie's drink in the yellow can?
what is written on the yellow containers?
what is the name of this drink, printed at the top of this can?
what cafe is the drink from?
what kind of brewed is the beverage?
what is the micro brewed brand?
what brand are these drinks from?
what flavor is it?
what country is this beer affiliated with?
what brand of beer is this?
what store is that coffee from?
is this a tim hortons cup?
what number is shown on the can?
what brand is this beverage?
what word is printed under the word "pepsi" on this green can?
is this new?
what is the brand of beer shown?
how much volume does the can contain?
how long is this soda pop available for?
what brand of soda is this?
what type of beer is in the can?
is the beer organic?
what vegetable is on the bottom row?
what is the name of this drink?
what are the ingredients?
what is the website at the bottom?
what is the name of this drink?
what letters are at the top?
what brand of beer is this?
why type of beer is this?
how many calories?
is this tea?
what is the flavor of the yellow can?
what is the text above the skull and crossbones?
is this a can of coke?
what kind of can is this?
what year is featured on this can?
what brand is it?
what is the name on this can?
what country are the snacks from?
is the second snack at the top new?
what kind of coffee is that?
when should fine coffee be brewed to appreciate it?
what year does it say on the can?
what brand of drink is this?
what brand of soda is this?
how many fl oz?
what is super about this asahi premium beer?
what brand is this?
what flavor is the surge drink?
what is the manufacturer of the drink?
what is the alcohol percentage?
what brand of alchohol is this?
what's in the can?
is this a can of pepsi?
what type of drink is this?
are there nutritional facts visible on this can?
what does the can say?
is this a german brand?
what is the beer name?
what kind of cola is in the can?
what is the volume of the can?
who's name are on these coke cans?
what type of drink is in this can?
what is the alcohol content of the beer?
what's the name of this drink?
how much alcohol percentage?
what brand of soup is shown?
what kinds of soup are there?
what kind of soda is it?
what kind of soda is in the can?
what brand of beer is on the table?
is there alcohol and drugs in this photo?
what does it say under the brand?
what does it say in big letters on the keg?
what does the logo say?
what kind of beer is in these cans?
who made this work of art?
what is this brand?
what type of soda is this?
how many ml's are in this can?
what is the name of the beverage?
what is the name of the second to the right drink?
what step is the green bottle?
what kind of cherry is the pepsi?
how much is the can of soda?
what brand of caffeine free cola is this?
what flavor soda is pictured?
what is the brand of soda?
what is written vertically on the long item?
what kind of food are inside these cans?
whats in the can?
what kind of soup is in this can?
how much did the chips cost?
what brand of soda is this?
with what does this go well?
which flavor is the soda?
is this diet coke or regular coke?
how much diet coke are in these cans?
what year was dr. pepper established in?
what brand of soda is this?
what kind of laptop is that?
what brand is the drink?
what kind if drink is in the cans?
this cola is the taste of what?
what brand of beer is in the middle can?
what brand of beer is on the very left?
is bud light a beer or carbonated drink?
what brand is this?
what flavour is this drink?
what brand is this?
is this soda original or classic?
what brand of soda is depicted?
what kind of water is in the can on the left?
how many different brands of beer are there here?
what brand is the can on the far left?
what is in one of the bottles?
what number is on the black bottle?
who's name is on the can?
what kind of beverages are these?
what is kept in the smallest canister?
what is the name of the hot sauce?
what word is on fire?
what flavor soda is this?
what brand of soda is this?
what does the left price read?
what brand is in each painting?
what brand of soup?
what is one letter found to the left of the woman on the bottle?
what brand is listed on the cans?
what flavor coke is displayed on the purple background?
what is the tagline for the soda?
what type of beer is this?
what is the offer advertised?
what flavor is the energy drink?
what is the brand of this drink?
for what kind of times is this drink brewed?
what is the name of this brew?
what is that stick?
what is the second word on the object on the left?
when was dr.pepper established?
what brand of soda is shown?
what is the brand name?
which version of coca-cola is pictured?
what is the brand name of the drink?
how much do the drinks cost?
what is magic?
what kind of salt is it?
what is mixed with the budweiser?
what brand of beer in on this can?
what superhero movie is mentioned on the soda can?
what brand is this soda?
what country is this beer from?
what is the name of this drink?
what flavor is this drink?
are these cans for a limited time only?
what brand are the canned drinks?
what is the right brand of drink?
what is the name of the beverage?
what type of beer is it?
the bottle says to get  out and do what?
what brand of soda is this?
where is the large coffee cup from?
what flavor it the starbucks can?
how many flavors of lip balm?
what flavour is this soda?
is the lemon soda regular or super?
what is the brand of drink?
what year did the orioles win the championship?
what brand is the gold can?
what brand is the can with the cat on it?
what is the volume of the beverage?
what is the brand of the drink?
what kind of beer is this?
what movie is being promoted on the can?
what brand is the left soda?
is this the name of a beverage?
where is the beer from?
what brand of chip snack is shown?
what flavor of cheetos?
what brand of drink is in this can?
what is the name of energy drink?
how many ounces?
what are the words on the can?
what is this brand of drink?
what is the name of this beverage?
is this beer?
are these all candy?
what's that can got in it?
what is the brand of drink?
what kind of fireworks are those?
what is the name of the drink next to fireworks?
what flavor of soda is in the can?
what movie is being promoted on the can?
what soda is that?
what fast food restaurant is advertised on these cans?
what type of beverage is in the can?
how many ml of cola is in the can?
what flavor is the orange rockstar drink?
what flavor is the blue drink?
what brand of soda is pictured?
within how many hours are the beans brewed?
what brand is this drink?
where is kilimanjaro?
what are kiwi wipes used for?
what is the name of the product?
what is the alcohol content of the kirin beer?
what does the beer can say to add?
what kind of beer is this?
is that alcoholic?
what is the name of one of the sodas on the bottom row?
the pepsi brand?
what flavor of soda is written on the box in the back?
what is an active ingredient in this beverage?
one ingredient is taurin?
what brand is the left beer?
what kind of beer is sitting behind the macbook?
who is on the label on the bottom?
where was this taken?
how many ounces is the beverage?
what kind of beer is it?
what type of soup is listed on the can on the right?
what brand of soup is being displayed?
is the tuna in oil or in water?
is the tuna light or not?
what brand is this soda?
when was john smith established?
who was established in 1758?
what type of drink is this?
what brand of ginger ale is in the table?
what is the 3 digit number at the top of the green can?
what does it say on the bottom of the fuse box in the right?
what is the reading on the top left of the meter?
what kind of coca cola is this?
what's the first line of gold text on the can?
is this lager beer?
what brand is the beer?
which national coffee chain sells these beverages?
how much is this drink?
what brand is the drink?
are these asian treats?
what is the brand name?
what series is this beer?
what kind of soda is that?
how much is this?
what state is on the front of the can?
is ottakringer a beer?
what name of cola is this?
how much zucker is in this drink?
what brand of beer is that?
when was the beer est?
how many ounces in this can?
what kind if beer is this?
when was the company started?
what is the name on the drink?
what year is written on the character's shirt?
what is the name of the one with a blue background?
what flavor of soda is in the green cans?
what kind of soda is in the green can?
what brand is this?
what type of drink is this?
what flavor of tea is shown?
what is the brand name here?
the can says what kind of flow?
is this an ipa?
what brand of whiskey is on the oval glass cup sticker?
what year is the whiskey?
what number anniversary is the can design celebrating?
what is in quotes?
what kind of beer is that?
what kind of beer is shown?
what flavor of cheese are these?
what brand of beverage is this?
where are lemonginas produced?
does this contain sugar?
what is in the glass?
what number is on the front of the beer can?
what type of a beverage is in this can?
what is the slogan?
what brand of vodka is this?
what kind of frost is this vodka?
what is the brand on the can?
what color is monster imports logo?
what is the monster drink that is white?
this wine was bottled in what year?
what is the maker of the wine?
what brand of beer is listed on the glass to the left?
what does the beer bottle say?
whats the name on this can?
what brand of spray paint are these cans?
what type of tournament is being advertised?
what is the name of the tournament?
what type of product is painted on the wall?
what does the left can say?
how many pints in the beer?
what is the name of the beverage?
what is in the can?
is it energy drink/?
what is in the blue cans?
what catagory of drinks are in this section?
this is tshirt?
how many calories in a can?
what brand of beverage is in the can?
what is the brand of the box on the left?
what brand beer is in this can?
what is the first word on the can?
what year is on the can?
what brand of beer is this?
what brand of beer is in the red cans?
what kind of cocktail does clamato make?
what does the botle contain?
what is the brand of these two beers?
what kind of beer is this?
what word is the largest on this can?
how many milliliters of liquid are in this drink?
what kind of spray is it?
what is the scent of this old spice?
what brand of soda is shown?
what is the name of the beer with the indian head on it?
what style of beer is shown in the can on the left?
what brand name is on the glass on tright?
what flavor is the kickstart on the right?
how many cones contains in one packet?
what beverage is written on the label?
how many millileters in the can on the left?
what is the year "since" on the right can?
what style of beer is in the can?
what is the name of this beer?
what are the ingredients?
how many languages are the ingredients in?
what brand of soda is in the can?
what is the first letter of the name?
what flavor is this selzter water?
what is the brand of seltzer?
what company makes this drink?
how many milliliters does this can hold?
what percentage of fewer calories does the drink contain compared to the regular?
which of these soups is associated with being sick?
what brand of ale is this?
where was this drink made?
what flavor is the drink ?
what brand of drink is this?
what brand of energy drink are these?
what kind of drink is a nos?
what is on the soda can?
what brand of beer is the person holding?
how many fluid ounces does the can hold?
what brand is mentioned on the can?
what is the container free of?
what is the brand inscribed on the container?
what brand is this?
what are the words on the bottle?
does pschitt have calorie information on it?
what type of alcohol is in the can?
what pepsi is that?
what brand are those sodas?
how much liquid is in the can?
what is name of beer?
what is the name of this ice cream?
what kind of water is this?
what brand of hard cider?
is the word built on this can?
what is the name of this drink?
how many ounces is this?
what is the brand of energy drink shown here?
what version of monster is this?
what drink is this?
what publication is this?
what number is on this?
what brand of soda is this?
what is advertised on the front can?
what is the price of the cans on the lower shelf?
what brand of beer?
what does the can say?
what is the name of the bottle to the left?
the brand of coffee is?
who makes milo?
how many grams are there in a can?
what brand is on the cans of energy drinks?
what brewing company made this beer?
what alcohol percentage is this beer?
what is the name about cola?
what is the word in the black box?
do you have to serve the right one "chilled"?
what do the silver letters say?
what is the title of this section?
what is the name of the firework shown?
how much alcohol is in the bottle?
what type of soda is this?
what brand of beverage is this?
what brand of drink is it?
what kind of drink is this?
are these mountain dews?
what is name is on the man's hat?
what man's name is on this can?
what kind of lager is the beer?
how much is a super charge?
what is the company who makes the product?
what is the name of the beer?
what brand name soda is next to this off-brand imposter?
what is the left brand of soda?
what kind of drink is in the can?
is this a diert beverage?
how many milliliters is in this drink?
what is the brand of this coke?
the color of the can is?
what is the first word in red text on the can?
in what is this first course for?
what is the brand of beer?
what flag is in the background?
how many fluid ounces are in this can?
what is the name of the building?
the white sign in the middle says what way?
what is the train number?
what is in big yellow letters in the bottom right corner?
what street sign is on the traffic light pole?
what is the name of the street at the stop light?
what is the place name?
the sign in the window says what is wanted?
the black street sign says?
what is the first four letter word can be clearly read on the shop front on the far right?
what is the first big word on that yellow banner?
that does the sign state about the buildings status?
what kind of suites does this building have?
what company owns the building in the background in green letters?
what is the date written on the top of the signs?
which bill does the protester want killed?
what road are these people on?
how much time is left?
what dose the sign above the street say?
what does the sign on the left say?
what is the name of the inn?
this is car and van?
what is the name of the park?
what trade center is nearby?
what direction is on the street post?
what is written on the blue sign?
what is the sign giving directions to?
what do the green letters say?
what street is this one?
what is the name of the marketplace?
what letter can you see between the walk sign and the pole?
what street are they at?
is there a railroad crossing sign shown?
what road is on the left ?
what company is the sign in the lower left advertising?
what specific part of park ave is this location?
what traffic sign direction is given?
where does the left sign point to?
where does the right sign point to?
what color is written on the signs?
what does the sign with the arrow say?
what street is this?
what store is advertised on the white sign under the corner traffic light?
what is the billboard advertising?
is this north or south well st?
give up and go where according to this sticker?
what is that vehicle called?
road making vechicle?
what street is the traffic light for?
what is below the street sign?
what highway are they on?
what is the number on the bottom right side of the sign?
what is the cardinal direction for clybourn ave?
what is the name of this street?
what letter and number is under the green light?
what letters are at the very bottom of the screen?
what is written on the white car?
what type of car?
what company does the big truck on the left belong to?
what letters are on the sign on the right pole?
what is andrew's last name on the street sign?
what is the street sign on the left say?
what does the red light say underneath it?
which state is this?
how many seconds are left on the green signal?
what does the sign say not to do?
what kind of parking is this kiosk for?
where is this?
how much time is left for pedestrians to walk on the crosswalk?
do you think if there are no pedestrians cars will still wait?
what are the two numbers on the red sign?
what road is the traffic light at?
what street is this?
what is the street name?
what has value?
what store is that?
what is the name of the company?
what road is this?
what is the number of the road?
what kind of turn is not permitted here?
what does the sign say is not permitted?
what street is this?
what street is here?
what road is this?
whats street name is on the right sign?
what is the sign telling the pedestrian to do?
what kind of salt is on the container?
what is the middle number on the building?
what is the number on top?
what road is this?
what is written on the building?
what word is on the sign under the mirror?
what street is listed here?
what number is on the sign?
what are the street names?
what is in the black bubble on the sign in the back?
what direction does the turn signal sign indicate?
what's the color of the light on the right side?
how much time is left to cross?
what color are the numbers?
what is the name on the board?
what is the year indicated?
what are the black letters on the building?
what odes the sign on the left say?
how far is it to the ohura museum?
what does the sign say?
what do the large letters on the sign say?
what state is this ferry in?
how many distance units is it to baan baa?
what route is baan baa 11?
what is the name of the exit?
what's the route number on that bus?
which company is sponsoring this bus?
what route number bus is this?
what is the license plate info>?
what is this building used as?
how far is patsy?
what is the name on the white building?
when was this taken?
what does the arrow lead you to?
what is the first letter of the word in the sign?
what is the name of the village?
who is the mayor of the town?
what is the street name?
are these people traveling westbound?
which track is to the left?
what number can one call in case of emergency?
what is protected landscape?
where is this?
what direction does the sign say?
what number is the highway?
how far to bibra?
what kind of place is near hear?
what is the speed limit?
30 top speed?
what does the yellow section of the taller sign say?
what is the sign warning for?
what are the numbers at the bottom of the sign?
where is the bus route?
what is the plate number?
which town is straight ahead?
what town is to the left?
what might someone expect to see crossing the road in this area?
how is crossing spelled in the photo?
where is this billboard?
what should the bikes do?
what is the speed limit?
what is for 33 km?
what is the number of the train engine?
what is the train number located on front, center of train?
what is the name of city on the sign?
how do they ask you to drive?
what does the sign warn about?
what woman's name is on the bus?
how many yards of humps?
what will you find for the next 500 yards?
where is this city bus going?
which way do we go to the hospital?
what is one of the directions mentioned?
what lake is ahead?
how fast can cars drive in the zone pictured?
what is the first letter of the license plate of the blue car?
what does the sign say you can do?
where can you park & ride at?
is this a laser?
what common punctuation symbol is found in large font on this sign?
what does the bottom sign mean?
what's the name of the motel?
what kind of establishment is this?
is this in english?
what number is on the sign?
what is the red and white sign instructing?
if i make a left where will i go?
what is the name of the hill?
what does the sign say?
what country is cited on the sign?
how far is the nearest exit?
what exist is next?
what time does the visitor center open?
what is ahead on the road?
what is the speed limit on this street?
how many meters is the round about?
what state is this sign in?
what landmark is mentioned on the sign?
what does the sign say ?
when was the picture taken?
how far to salzburg?
which way to ohura?
what words are after no?
what word is at the bottom?
what's the number on the sign?
what is found if following the sign with an airplane image?
what does the sticker on the pedestrian sign say?
how many miles?
what does this sign advise drivers to do?
what does the sign warn drivers of?
what is shown next to the right of the arrow?
what type of intersection is this?
what does the top of the sign say?
what is the first sign?
what's the maximum speed allowed here?
what state is this license plate from?
what is the name of the state?
what does the sign say?
what do you need to drive this road?
what does the sign indicate?
what punctuation is that on the sign?
what kind of point is on the sign?
what are the 4 small letters in the top left of the photo?
what can you do with a chainsaw?
what does the bottom sign say?
what street to take to downtown?
what is the restaraunt called?
what is the name of the street next to the four seas sign?
what does the sign say?
where shouldn't you flick your butts?
what is the fine for children peeing?
what is the sign warning about?
is the exit to nevada coming up?
what exit is on the right?
what is the distance to wayne memorial dr?
what must all traffic do?
what's up ahead?
what does this sign prohibit?
what animal crosses here?
how far away is sadie's antiques?
what state is this in?
what highway is ahead?
what are the letters printed on the road?
how many miles is knolls?
what port is the sign pointing to?
which way to highway 15?
what number route is ahead?
what is the next exit number?
how far away is the exit?
what does the sign in orange say?
what caution should you take?
whats the sign warning?
what is being advertised?
what is the mph?
what number is about the words zone ends?
which city would you reach traveling west?
what is suspended according to the sign?
what kind of circle is the sign for?
what does this sign warn drivers of?
what should you do with the dunes?
what is the fine for violating this rule?
what kind of sign is this?
is the road sign in english?
what station is this sign located at?
what does this sign say is reserved?
is the sign saying this spot is reserved for members or nonmembers?
what does the red and blue sign indicate?
what letter is in large blue square?
what is the top word on the sign?
what type of career is this advertising?
next how many km?
what number is on the right sign?
what number is on the left sign?
what number is not allowed on this road?
what exit is the hospital on?
how far north?
what is their a danger of?
which direction goes to albertville?
how many miles to albertville?
what exit number is this?
what does that sign say?
which little blue characters are being advertised on the top right?
what two letters are shown on the blue sign?
what letters are shown on the white sign?
what is the only word in english?
what does this sign ask for in the beginning?>?
what's the name of the coffee shop located by the gas station?
what number are on the sign?
what does it say behind the sign?
who does it say is white trash?
what is the speed limit on this road?
what type of distance do you measure speed?
do we need to be careful about anything?
how much is this land?
what company put up this sign?
how far to 1300 east?
which exit number leads to 1300 east?
what place is to the right?
if you follow the purple sign where would you end up?
what is the speed limit of this road?
what is the first number on the sign?
what is written on the green sign?
what number is shown?
what is the blue sign warning you to do?
what are the numbers below the red circle?
what language is this warning written in?
what is to the right?
where is damson court?
what street are we on?
how far is albro?
what city is on the bottom sign?
what is the sign warning you of?
what is the puncutation mark here?
does this sign say one way?
what is written on the bottom right of the sign?
the elevation of desert hot springs is?
what is the populations of desert hot springs?
what does that sign say?
what is the smallest number written on the building?
what is the number written on the middle floor?
is there a rest area off exit 77?
how long will there be speed bumps?
what is the building name?
what should you do for train users?
which users should you yield to?
which town can be accessed by this exit?
what is the suggested speed for the turn?
what are these signs telling us?
what is the exit number?
what should you beware of?
how many screws hold the sign up?
what do the signs say?
what is the number on the yellow sign in the back?
what does the number say in black?
what street does the sign say is up ahead?
what is the sign instructing us to do?
what number is beside rue?
where do you go if there is an earthquake?
what type of sign is this?
what street does the sign indicate?
what patrol does the sign mention?
what city is to the left?
what is this sign warning people of?
can a wheelchair be used in the area?
what does the sign read under the handicapped symbol?
what is the number on the sign?
what direction is it?
will there be a lot of queues?
what are likely?
whats the advert about?
does that sign say no surfing?
what road is to the right?
what does the sign warn of?
when is the speed limit for?
what is the name of the street?
what number is on the back of the stop sign?
which zone are you entering by driving past the sign?
how many mph?
what does the sticker on the right say?
what does the sign on the left say?
what does the sign say?
what name is written on the bottom of the sign in a red border rectangle?
how far is it to newhaven?
how far is it to alsop?
what is the website address at the top?
what does the sign say?
what time is written on the notice?
what is the penalty amount?
what is the speed limit for cars?
what is the speed limit for trucks?
how many minutes does this sign allow parking for?
what does the parking sign say?
what does the sign with the red circle indicate?
what is the road name?
when is the major roadwork completion expected to be?
what area is the sign in?
where are bikes not allowed?
where is this sign placed?
what is the name of the road in the photo?
what is the name of the store on the left?
what is the phrase on the red sign on the left?
what is the route number is you go right?
how far is damascus?
how far to bagdad?
what is this warning?
what area is this?
what should overheight trucks do?
what does the sign say that the detour is for?
how many yards from the yard is not parking?
what highways are up ahead?
what is to the right?
what animal is mentioned on the sign?
is this an exit only?
what is the number on the road sign?
which road runs east and west?
how many kilometers till khafji?
how many kilometers until kuwait?
what is the warning on the sign?
tsunami are caused by?
what is the sign asking from the driver?
what language is the sign?
what is the name of the road on the white sign?
what shop is the sign directing parking to?
what is the speed limit on this road?
what is limited on the sign?
how far is the n. main street exit?
what exit is this?
what is  the phone number to call for king sturge?
what is the name of the king on the blue board?
what time can i park?
can i park here on the week-end?
what city are we in now?
does that sign post imply there are ufos in that area?
what is found on exit two?
what does it say in the green box on top right?
what is the name of this road?
where is situated memorial highway?
what does the street sign read?
what is the website in the photo?
what street is this?
what types of streets are these?
what does the street sign show?
what town starts with an o?
where will the blues festival take place?
when does the blues festival take place?
what is the name of the road?
to what location does the blue sign point?
what does the white sign say?
the cliffs are extremely what?
what's the date of this photo?
where can you not turn on red?
what is the name of the street?
what does the sign tell you not to do?
what does the arrow say?
what is written on the yellow traffic light?
if you follow the road to the left where will you go?
what state is the sign in?
what street numbers are to the left?
how many kilometers does the sign say?
what marker is this?
what is the address?
what is the location on the blue sign?
what number can be seen in the very bottom sign?
what is in the direction of the arrow?
what is on first line on the sign?
is towing and booting enforced at all times?
what does the caution sign warn you about?
which body part can be injured?
what is the number hanging at the top of the door?
what does the white sign say?
what are you not supposed to touch?
what does the sign say?
what city can be read in the bottom right?
what is the speed limit?
what is the speed limit?
what does the sign on the left say not to do?
what kind of crest is ahead?
are there any warnings on the signs?
what number is the exit?
how far away is the carthage exit?
what does this sign say?
are all the sticker danger stickers ?
what is the top left sign cautioning about?
who is the sign trying to protect?
what does it say on the white sign?
when does the brea center open?
where is this picture taken?
where does this road lead?
what is the name of the road?
what does the sign say?
what is continuous?
what does the bottom sign say?
what is the blue sign showing directions to?
what is at exit 59?
what number is after sp?
what letters are before 36?
where is the baytrail located?
what city is on the bottom sign?
what is coming up on the road?
where are the speed humps?
what does the sign say?
what village is mentioned?
what word is above the bike?
what is the elevation?
what does the sign say the elevation is below?
where do these routes go?
what does the right sign say?
where does interstate 540 lead to?
how many different ways can you go?
what zone is on the sign?
what state is this?
what is florida known as?
what does the sign say?
what number nh is here?
according to this sign what is not allowed on the sidewalk area?
are dogs allowed here?
can you make a fire here\?
where is 2 km away?
what is the number near the top of the sign?
how far is exit 56?
what is the speed limit?
what is the first word in the top left of the yellow sign?
what does the last line on the sign say?
what should you do if you see this sign?
what does the sign say?
what does the sign say not to do when the road is flooded?
what is the word in the triangle?
what is the name on the sign?
what is the sign pointing toward?
what street does the yellow sign say to use?
what is there a high danger of?
is the road closed to all traffic here?
what city is south?
who's cutoff is to the right?
which interstate are you going towards if you turn right?
what way is this road headed?
which highway is this?
how fast is this sign telling you to go?
what are the road signs trying to let drivers know?
is there a do not enter sign?
what museum can be found to the right?
what kind of end is it?
what is the speed limit of this road?
what does it say above the speed limit?
how far away does the sign say?
what type of drivers are at the next exit?
what does that sign say?
left side move?
how many km?
what does the sign say you can't do?
what is the first word on the blue sign?
what is the last letter on the sign?
what is not allowed on the water?
what is wrote where the red symbol posted at?
what does this sign say?
when you come to this sign, what should you do?
what does the sign read?
what do vehicles have to do when they come up to the sign?
is this a danger sign?
what approaches at high speeds?
what is not allowed beyond this point?
what streets are intersecting?
what is the right street?
what does the yellow sign say?
what are the three underlined letters on the red sign?
can you go two ways in this route?
what type of route is mentioned on the sign with the white background?
where is exit 225 heading?
is "uscita automezzi" italian?
what word is graffiti-ed on the sign?
is the crosswalk safe from turning vehicles?
what do the signs across the street say?
how fast is the speed limit on this road?
what is being limited to 55?
where is this according to the sign?
what is the altitude listed?
what kind of zone does the traffic sign mention this area is?
how long does the enforcement zone last?
what does the sign say?
what should you do before crossing according to the sign?
where will you go if you take a right?
what does the sign say?
what animals besides camels are forbidden on the beach?
what animals are not allowed here?
what is the exit number?
what is the number listed on the sign?
what is dangerous?
what does it say under the exclamation point?
how far is tacoma?
what interstate can i take?
what city is this going to?
what is the speed limit on the site?
what's the speed limit?
what city are we about to enter?
what does the sign say?
what is the last letter of the bottom word on the sign?
what exit goes to ojai?
how far is it to the ojai exit?
does the sign suggest there are more than one lane?
what city is the impound lot in?
what is to the left?
what does the orange sign say?
what date is listed?
what month is on the sign?
what kind of people are stated on the sign?
how many figures of people are on the sign?
how many way's can you go?
what is the sign warning people of?
what should you not do here?
what letter is written on the blue part of the sign?
what street is the sign on?
what is the name of the village?
what does the sign say is slippery?
is it slippery?
what is at exit 233b?
what bridge is to the right?
what does this sign warn against?
what telephone number is shown on danger of death sign?
what is the first destination to the left?
what is the first location going straight?
what are the words on the sign?
what is not signal controlled, according to the sign?
what is this construction site the future home of?
what will be the name of the corssing?
what date was this taken?
what does the top sign say?
what does the second sign say?
what is the name of the street?
in which direction is the sign directing traffic?
does this one way have any way to turn around?
what is the speed limit?
is there a marathon?
where is this?
what is the name of the street to the right?
where would you be heading to if you traveled to the right?
how far ahead is the emergency roadstrip?
what's the sign say?
where does this highway go?
what is the number of the highway?
what is the price shown on this ad?
what company makes this?
what place is this picture of?
who's blog was this picture featured on?
what is written before 168?
what number is written on this item?
what number train is this?
what company operates this train?
what bus number?
what is the liscense plate of the bus?
where is that spraypainted at?
what word is spray painted on the train?
what train number is this?
what does the bold letters say to the right?
what stop light number is this?
what does the sign to the right of the red lights say?
what three numbers follow the letters "st"?
what can't you do according to the sign?
what company is on the closest green container?
what company is on the red container?
what letters are on the train?
what are the numbers on the front of the train?
what does it say in the red ring?
what are the first two words of the advertisement towards the middle?
what does the green bin say on the front?
what island is named?
what is the name of this train?
who manufactured the railroad car?
what is the car number?
what are the initials on the side of the train?
what is the last letter on the train?
which company operate this freight?
what is the smaller word on the trailer?
what is the train number seen here?
what is the first word mentioned on the sign to the right?
which station is this?
what is the 4 digit number?
what is the train number?
what is the time in the upper left portion of the shot?
what is the number of the train in the picture?
where is this train headed?
what does the sign say?
what number is on the train?
what is the number on the locomotive?
what word is written next to the train number?
what number is displayed in the window of the blue train?
what does the blue subway have written on it?
what' the graffiti tag read?
what is the number on this bar car?
what number is the green train?
what is the train number?
what code is on the front of the train?
how many headlights are on the front of the train?
what number is seen on the front?
what does the water tower say?
is that train sponsored by virgin?
what is written on the orange train car?
what code is on the green train in white letters and numbers?
what are the 4 digit numbers on the train?
what number is on the front of the train?
what is the number on the train on the right?
what is the big word wrote on the train?
what is the trains number?
what does it say above shepherd neame?
what is the last digit written on the front of the train?
what is the name of the company?
what is barnes home of?
what is this place the home of?
what's the train number?
what letters are on the train?
what numbers are in blue on the train?
what number is on the train?
what number train is this?
what is the number on the front right of the train?
what brand is the train?
what type of train do you see?
what letter is on the front of the trolley?
what is the number of this blue and yellow train?
what is the train company?
what is the number of the train?
what number on thomas?
what number is on the train?
what is most likely the name of the person who did the graffiti on the right?
what does the top tag say?
what is the engine number of the engine on the right?
what is the train number?
what number is on the front of the train?
what number is on the side of the train?
who manufactures these toys?
this is cat?
what is the number on the train?
wht number is on the front of the train?
what is the train number?
where is the train going?
what numbers are on the train?
what is the number on the front of the red train?
what is the word under the numbers on the front of this train?
what is the phone number on the bottom of the poster?
is epic net com a phone company?
is there a hospital near by?
what is the last digit on the plate?
is this a cordia turbo?
what word is written in white on the engine?
what is written on the top of the motor cam head?
what does the license plate say?
what state is this car licensed in?
what is this bus for?
what does the license plate say?
who manufacturers this car?
what vehicle is this?
what type of service vehicle is this?
what is wrote beside service on the vehicle?
what kind of truck is this?
what is the liscense number?
what is the bus number on the top right of the front of the bus?
which drink company is featured?
what is after man-cave?
what is the lisencse number?
what year is written on the bus?
what is the bus number?
what model of truck is this?
what is the first name mentioned at the top?
what emergency response vehicle is that?
what does the front license plate say?
what is the number on the front of this train?
are the letters d and b on the front of this train?
what does it say in english under 'las mejores vistas'?
is this a beach tour bus?
what state is this school bus in?
what is the auto brand on the front of the bus?
what kind of service vehicle is this?
what is the buses license plate number?
is this a ford bus?
what is the name of the building in the background?
what type of vehicle is this?
what is the make of the truck?
what is the word under f150 ?
what is the buses plate number?
what does the top of the bus say?
what website is on the van?
what is written on the van?
what does the painting on the wall say?
what country is mentioned on the license plate?
what company made the car?
what is the bus number?
what kind of bus does it say at the bottom?
what's the name of the antique shop?
what does this store sell?
what is the company's name on this van?
what language is the text on the van?
what kind of van is this?
one of the type of van?
what does the red sign say?
what word is found on the van's windshield?
what brand of van is this?
where is this ambulance?
what type of van is that shown?
what number is the van on the front right?
which department are these vehicles for?
does the store give loans?
what is the building number?
what company is on the blue banner at the top right of the pic?
what is the license plate code for the van?
what is the plate number of the car?
who holds the copyright to this photograph?
what is the license plate number?
what is the brand of this vehicle?
what does it say on the left of the truck?
what is the brand on the truck?
what is the license plate number?
what color is the van?
what is the sign say?
what company does this van belong to?
what is the business name on the truck?
what is being lived?
what man is mentioned on the back of the truck?
when you ride in the van how are you riding?
what is written on the van's window?
what is the license plate of the red van?
what number is on the pole?
what is on the license plate?
which 3 numbers are on the licence plate?
what is the license plate number?
what kind of vehicle is this?
what is the license plate number of this vehicle?
what electrical company is the van from?
what is the sign welcoming people to?
what kind of van is this?
what truck is that?
what is the van's license plate number?
what is the website link on this van?
what phone number is seen on the window?
what is the name of the company on the van?
what is the tag number?
what kind of vehicle is this?
what is the license plate?
what is the make of the van?
what company owns the truck on the left?
is this a devon van?
what kind of emergency vehicle is this?
what phone number should you call to buy this ambulance?
what type of ambulance service is this?
what government entity provided this ambulance?
what vehicle is this for?
what is the license plate number?
what is the license plate number?
what is the name of this drink company?
slayers of what?
whose tower is this?
what is the name of the company on the van?
what is the number of the van?
what string of numbers and letters would you use to identify this car?
what kind of vehicle is this?
what unit of the sheriff's office does the van belong to?
what is the van number?
who's name is on the bus?
what is the lisencse number?
what's the plate number?
what is the brand of the van?
how many hours is the company open?
what is the name of the company that owns the van?
what is the plate number?
what number is this vehicle?
what is the name of the street?
what name is on the side of the blue van?
what is the word on the sign behind the ladder on top of this van?
some television car?
what is the vehicles licence plate number?
who posted this picture?
what is written on this van?
what does the license plate say?
what numbers identify the van?
what number is written on the back of the ambulance in green letters?
what is the van number?
what is the company name on the van?
what is the name of the company pictured on the van?
what does the license plate on the white van say?
do they have a bengals sticker on their windshield?
what kind of van is it?
is that a traffic cop?
what is the license plate number?
what department is this vehicle part of?
what does the license plate say?
what department does this belong to?
what is the license plate number?
what number is the van?
what number is the van?
what does it say on this van's hood?
what is the license plate number?
what kind of vehicles are those?
what is the name of the transport company?
what's the telephone number?
is this a taxi?
what does the side of the van say?
what does the the text on the hood of the vehicle say?
what is the license plate number of the ambulance?
what is the speed limit on this road?
what is the licence number of the truck?
what brand is this van?
what is the license plate of the white truck?
what do you do if you smell gas?
what is the license plate?
the vans company name is?
what website is on the van?
what does the license plate say?
what is the model number of this van series?
what is the tag number?
what department is this van for?
what city is this according to the sign?
the green lettering reads?
what hospital is on this bus route?
what is written on the bus in yellow?
what is the name of the business being advertised on this van?
what is the licence plate of the van?
what brand is on the truck?
coca cola hsbc?
what is written on this van?
what numbers are on the side?
what type of service?
what kind of emergency vehicle is the van?
what is the number on the ambulance?
what kind of agency uses this truck?
what is the van's license plate number?
what is the licence plate of the truck?
what is the name on the side of the van?
what kind of vehicle is this?
is this van from northern or southern?
what brand of van?
what is the company name on the van?
what photography company took this?
what unit is the vehicle from?
what does red letters say?
what number is the woman in purple?
what is the first line on the back of the van?
what rental company is the van owned by?
what brand is the van?
what kind of car brand is shown here?
what number can be seen printed in yellow on the window?
what is the license plate number?
what does the license plate say?
what van company is being pointed at?
what does the guy with the mask's sign say?
what vehicle number is the red car?
what word is written on the car?
which company is the silver truck for?
is that a team hansen car?
what is the license plate?
what time is the clock at?
what is the name of the hotel?
what kind of van is that?
what area is the van from?
what is written on the blue sign?
what is written on the white sign?
what company is this van working with?
what is the license plate number on this vehicle?
which company is this the entrance of?
what does it say on the road in front of the entrance?
what is the blue logo on the right?
are these cars made by general motors?
do you have to pay to park here according to the sign?
what does the green sign say?
whos van is this?
what is the lisense plate?
who makes the white van?
what company is on the van?
what are the first three numbers on the van?
what channel is the news van from?
what company is on the side of this van?
what is the license plate number of this van?
during what hours of the day can the team respond?
what is the company's phone number?
what doubles as a work area?
what does the license plate say?
what is the city at the top of the green sign?
what is the license plate of this van?
what is the car manufacturer?
who is the king of the rod?
what is written in yellow letters on the door?
what is the website on the van?
what is the company name?
what department does this van belong to?
how many lanes should be formed?
what is the second word, next to city, on the van?
what comapny name is on the hood of this van?
what is the trucks website?
what is the company's phone number?
what is the name of the company?
what kind of museum is this?
the name of the building is?
does this translate to "police" in english?
what brand of truck/van is this?
what is the name of the roofing company?
what does the building on the left say on it in black letters?
what is the company for the van?
what is the tag number?
what company does this van belong to?
what is the license plate of the van?
what brand is the car?
who is the manufacturer of this vehicle?
what does the company specialize in?
what is the website for this company?
what does the liscense plate say?
what brand of beer is on the van?
what does his shirt say?
what city's name is written in green on the van?
is that a sign post?
what continent does the sign say you are entering?
what is written on the sign?
this road landmarrk?
what does the license plate say?
what is the model of van?
what numbers are written on the license tag of the grey van?
what is on the front car's license plate?
what is this car's license plate number?
what is the car's model?
whats the number of this bus?
what's the license plate say?
what is the brand of the car behind the black car?
is this the city bus?
what kind of business is advertised on the yellow sign?
what word is printed directly under the word "grocery" on the billboard on the right?
what is written under fitment in the middle bottom of this picture?
what is the license plate number?
what is the plate number?
where is this bus headed?
what is the route number?
what brand of car is this?
what kind of synergy drive is this?
what does the car's license plate read as?
what's the license plate number of this car?
what letters are on the red sign in white?
what company is this?
the last four numbers in the yellow box are?
what numbers are on the windshield sticker on the car?
which version of car is that?
what is the license plate number?
what is the license plate number?
what are the last 3 letters of the plate?
what brand car is this?
what is the plate number?
what is on the window sticker?
which two numbers appear at the beginning and at the end of the license plate?
what car brand is this?
what is this car's license plate number?
what is the subscript on the left of the licence plate?
what is the plate number of the gray vw?
what's the license plate to the left?
what state is this plate from?
which radio station is the "sound of the city"?
what is the plate number?
what state is this license plate from?
what is washington state known to be?
what state is the black suv from?
what is the model of the bmw?
who does the car belong to?
what kind of porsche is this?
what is the licence plate of the silver car?
the black sign in the middle reads?
what are the first 2 digits of the license plate number?
what are the last two digits of the license plate?
what is the license plate name?
what are the license plate numbers/?
what four numbers are on the license plate?
what are the 3 numbers on the plate of the car on the right?
what single letter is next to the license plate?
is this car and audi?
what state is on the license plate?
what is the license plate number?
what's this car number?
what is the model of this van?
what make and model is this car?
what does the vanity plate say?
does the same person own both cars?
what does the license plate say on the white car?
what does the licence plate say?
what state was the license plate issued in?
what is the car's tag number?
what does the bus say it is?
what state is on the license tag?
what is the phone number displayed at bottom of license plate?
what is the plate number?
what is on the license plate?
what is the last 3 numbers on the tag?
what does the plate say?
what did the giants win in 2010?
is this person a san fransisco gaints fan?
what is the license plate number?
what is the word before the number on the license plate?
what manufacturer built this car?
what is the model of this car?
is buena park a city in california?
why type of car is this?
what state is the license plate from?
what car make is on the sign in the background?
what is the license plate number?
what model is the car right below the tailight?
what state has been scrawled into this bumper?
what kind of car is this?
what is the license plate number of this vehicle?
what is the vehicle's brand?
what state issued the license plate?
what is the line under biodiesel?
what only language does this person think america speaks?
what is the license plate number of the van?
which number is used twice on the license plate?
what is the county is on the license plate?
where is the tag from?
what type of state is this?
on what date was this image taken according to the camera?
what is the liscense plate?
what brand of car?
what does the license plate say?
what state is on the plate?
what type of vehicle is this?
what is the license plate number?
where would this car owner rather be?
which state in the runner from?
what state is the license plate from?
what is the brand of car?
what is the plate no of this car?
what state license plate is this?
what brand of car is this?
which company is the car rented from?
what brand is this car?
what is the license plate number of the red car?
what state issued this license plate?
what month do the plates expire?
what make of car is this?
what does the license plate say?
what american overseas territory is named on this number plate?
what state is this car registered to?
what month does this car's registration expire?
what is the motto on this license plate?
which state issued the license plate?
what state does this license plate belong to?
what is the last line on the license plate?
what brand is the white truck?
what state is on the license plate?
what month does this license plate expire?
what state is the license plate for?
what anniversary is on the plate?
what is them emblem on the car?
what is written on this licence plate? (do not include "qld")?
what is the license plate number?
what brand of car is this?
what's the license plate number of this automobile?
what model is this car?
what is the license plate number?
what is their other car?
which show is named on the top of the license plate frame?
what is the model of the vehicle?
what state is this?
what are the initials before simpson and sons on the sign?
what does the license plate say on vehicle?
what kind of car is this?
what is the license plate number?
what state is this license plate from?
the telephone number for springfield is?
what is written on the tag?
what model is this car?
what is the license plate number?
what brand is the car?
what is the plate number?
what does this licence plate say?
what state is this car from?
what type of swimsuit is listed on this license plate?
what kind of state is showing?
what month is the tag from?
where is this tag from/?
what state does this license plate belong to?
what month is shown?
what brand is the car?
where is the car from?
what is the licence number?
what state is the license plate from ?
when does it expire?
what state is this license plate from?
what state is on the license plate?
what are the numbers on the license plate?
when does this tag expire?
what state is this license plate from?
what state is the plate from?
what is the web address on the plate frame?
is it men or women mentioned on the sign on the ground?
what is the license plate number of the silver car?
what state is the tag from?
what month is listed on the registration tag in the upper right corner?
what state is the license plate for?
what is the number on the green sticker?
are they from texas?
what state are they from?
what is the license plate number of the car closest to your view?
what car company is in the red symbol on the building?
what is the license plate tag name?
is this car a volvo?
what state is this license plate from?
what is the year of registration?
where was this licenses plate issued?
what is the plate number?
in which month does this license plate expire?
what state is the plate from?
what letter is prominently displayed?
what is the first letter on the boys shirt?
which state was the plate issued for ?
what month is the registration on the license plate?
what car company makes this car?
what is the tag of the car?
who made this car?
what is the license plate number?
what year is on the plate?
what state is the plate from ?
what county is the plate from?
what is on the license plate?
colour it, cut it and what else?
what is the license plate number?
what brand is the car?
which toyota dealership is this from?
what business was the seller of this car?
what is the license plate?
what number is the license plate?
what is the license plate number?
what state is on the license plate?
what does the license plate say?
what state does this license plate come from?
what brand is the computer ?
what two big letters are in the bottom right corner?
what kind of car is this?
what state is the license plate from?
what state is the license plate?
what does license plate number read?
what does he keep?
what is the license plate number of this car?
what country is the license plate from?
what motto is on the bottom of the license plate?
is this vanity license plate trying to spell out something?
what state is on the plate?
what does the license plate read?
what number is on the license plate?
what state was this licenses plate issues?
what year does the tag expire?
what is the plate registration id?
what is the slogan of the state of massachusetts?
what year is on the plate?
which state issued the license plate?
what brand of car is this?
what country is this?
what letter is in the blue box?
what is the license plate number?
what letter represents the car brand?
what is the month and year on the sticker?
what do the plates say?
what brand of car is that?
what state is the license plate from?
what state is the license plate from?
what year will the plate expire?
what brand of dj equipment is he using?
what is the license plate number of the car?
what word appears in quotation marks on the license plate border?
what state is this license plate from?
what month is on the license plate?
what type of nissan is this?
does the license plate say i love to kite?
what is the license plate number of the car?
what state is the license plate from?
what month was the plate issued?
what state is the car from?
what month was the tag issued?
from what state is this license plate?
what team is that?
what state is the license plate for?
what month was the plate issued?
what dateis n the plate?
what state is the license plate from?
what state is this license plate from?
are they from california?
which state registered the car?
what state is the license plate from?
what is the license plate number?
what word is shown in dark blue text?
is mcgeorge an auto retailer?
what state is this car from?
what is the plate number?
what state is that car from?
what is the website for south carolina?
what name is on car tag?
what state is the plate from?
what's the number of this car?
what state is the license plate issued in?
what is the plate id?
which state is this license plate?
what month is the plate good until?
where is this plate registered?
what year does the tag expire?
what does the white logo say?
whats on the plate?
what is the name of the license plate?
what state is the license plate from?
in what month does this tag expire?
what state is the license plate issued in?
what name is on the plate?
what year is displayed?
what is the auto maker of this car?
what year is stated?
what type of softball does this car owner prefer?
what kind of car is pictured?
what state is the license plate from?
what state is this car likely located in?
what is the tag number?
what state is this license plate out of?
where was this cars licenses plate issues?
what is the brand of the license plate cover?
what is the car's license plate number?
what are the letters written under the emblem on the left?
what state is this from?
what month is on the registration sticker?
what does the license plate say?
what type of loan?
what state is the plate from?
what is this state famous for?
what county in georgia is this license plate registered in?
what's the plate read?
cash or no cash?
what are the last two letters of the last word?
when does the registration expire?
what state is the plate from?
what is the city on the plate?
what state is this car from?
what state issued this license plate?
what month was the plate issued?
what is the license plate number?
what is the license plate number?
is there a number to call on the for rent sign?
this storefront is for what?
what is written under the license plate number?
what is the license plate number?
what state is the plate from?
what state is this car registered in?
what app is this?
what brand of soda is in the machine?
what are the three letters in black on the upper right of the machine?
what state is this license plate from?
what's the part number?
who is credited with this photo?
what year is shown in the picture?
where are they?
what state is this license plate from?
what letter does the license plate start with?
what does the license plate say?
what state is this license plate from?
what letter does the license plate end in?
how much money does the bill represent?
what name is displayed on the building on the left?
what store's name is in black letters on the building?
what is the name on the side of the rail car?
are the letter on the train white?
what lake is this a picture of?
what is written on this boat?
what color of letters are used?
what motorcycle brand is this?
what is the number on the black emblem?
what does the sail say?
who took this photo?
who is sponsoring this event?
what is the name of the ship on the right?
what is the title of this building?
some box are shown?
outside what store is the pickup truck parked?
is the food always fresh according to the yellow sign?
when was the original piece painted?
who painted the image?
what is the name on the ship?
what does the banner say?
what year was this photo taken?
what is the name on the train on the third row?
what is written on the white containers?
what's the name of this marina?
what is a service this company performs?
what number is listed in black on the sidewalk?
what number can be see on the red and white sign on the left?
what platform letter is this?
what is written on the train on the left?
what is first letter on the grounded buoy?
what is second letter on the grounded buoy?
what brand of phone is this?
what sign is shown in the picture?
is the boat is really make by mercedes benz?
who is sponsoring the boat?
what is the name of this restaurant?
what trolley number is this?
what number is at the bottom front of the trolley?
the middle column, second name is kbs?
what brand machine is this?
what is written on the red banner on the boat?
what is the name of the boat?
what is the name of the boat?
what does the boat defend?
what number is the boat?
what site is this from?
what number is on the boat?
what numbers appear in the top right?
what is the name of the performer?
what brand is displayed on the ramp?
how famous is it?
what text is shown on the seal?
what is the most likely name of this boat?
what is the train number?
what number is this vehicle?
what is written on the red sign?
is the big m red?
what number is on the bus?
what is the train number?
what words are on the boat?
what letter is on the bird's jacket?
what color is the letter i on the  bird's shirt?
hat word is written under the circle on the cart child seat?
what does the puzzle caption tell us?
did tino paint and sign this above the anchor?
which runner number is leading?
what number is in decond place?
what is the name on the concrete truck?
what name is on the yellow arm?
what number is the car?
what is the number of the boat?
what letters are shown before the number?
what is this ride called?
what brand is the white tshirt?
what are they protesting against?
what do all the signs say  in bold?
what state is seafood from?
what is louisiana seafood's company phone number?
what is the licence plate number on the green car?
what is the sign with yellow text displaying?
does the graffiti mean anything?
what color has been used on the graffiti?
what's the name of the white building?
what word is on the neck of the bulldozers?
what does god kill?
what line are they crossing?
what is this runner's time?
what section is this for?
this is only at where?
what is the name of the bar?
what kind of store is being displayed?
what is the name of the hotel?
what does the red sign say?
what boat is this?
where is the boat from?
what is the name of this boat?
what is the number of the boat?
what does the license plate say?
what is the tag number?
what store are all these cars parked in front of?
what punctuation is used on this grafitti?
what hill is this?
what is the name of this place?
is chipso really effective?
which brand is being advertised?
how many cleaning headaches?
what is the number on the yellow?
what number is visible on the front of the train car?
what is the route the bus is taking?
what is the route number of the bus?
what letters and numbers are on the front of the train?
what letter is on two of the sailboats?
what is great?
the what of all time?
where is the ship from?
where is this ship from?
which station is this?
what are the three letters on the right?
what type of oranges are advertised here?
what does the street sign in the background say?
what is this ferry boat's number?
what is open?
what eastward interstate is the left lane for?
what two letters are most visible on the left?
what does the sign on the dash say?
what year was the photo taken?
what is on the sign in the distance?
what brand is this?
is this logo in lower case or capitalization?
what is the license plate of this car?
what is the license number on the white car?
what company is the red banner showing?
how many years?
what are the two letters at the top?
what is one word emblazoned on this water vehicle?
what number is the train on the right?
what's on the fromt left of the right hand train?
what does this graffiti say?
what bank is in the left background?
what sports does wamu sponsor?
what team is on the left?
what number is printed on the sail in the forefront?
what type of limit does the sign say?
in what direction is the sign showing you to go?
what is this trolley numbered?
what does the sign say upon the yellow posts?
where is the sailboat on the left's home port?
what is one letter found on one of the boats?
what name is on the graffiti?
what does it say on the top boat say?
what number is on the second boat?
what does the jet ski say?
what place is listed on the blue banner / sign?
what's the hull number of this boat?
what is the letters on the blue boat?
what does it say on the police car?
what company made this boat?
what type of boat is this?
what date was the picture taken?
what is the date of this picture?
what does the side of the train say?
what is the train car number?
what is the company name?
what brand is the mask from in the middle?
the news update page is?
what page is this for?
what is the name of the boat on the right?
what is the trains number?
is that a warning sign?
what is the bus name?
who wrote this?
what is the quote at the top of the picture?
what does the banner say?
what is the name on the yellow equipment in the background?
are they selling wood ready for winter season?
what name is on the boat?
what is the brand of this boat?
what reef is noted on the side of the boat?
what number is the train?
what type of crane is that?
what is on the blue car?
what is this parade float in support of?
does this float represent canines?
what is the name of the yellow boat?
is ultramar outlined in blue?
what word is above the boats?
what city is this the port of?
how many riders are allowed per car?
what is the brand name of this ride?
what street sign is seen in the background?
what restaurant is on strike?
what number is the image slide?
what is the company name?
who stamped the postcard with blue?
what's on the person's patch on the jacket?
what number is on the boat with the green roof?
what department is the yellow boat part of?
what number is on the guy in red?
what number is the platform?
what are the numbers on the arm of that crane?
what company is advertised on the toy train?
what's the name of the railway?
whose collection is this from?
what is the number on the boat?
what is the name of the ship?
what is the first letter of the name?
what is the name of the cruise ship?
what was stolen?
who is the parking for?
what is the number in orange on the right?
what word is written in yellow on the helmets?
what mountain is this located on?
what brand of soft drink is in the vending machine?
what gate number is on the small black sign in the distance?
what company runs the boat on the left?
what kind of ship is the red boat?
what year is listed on the flyer?
what are the times for saturday?
what number is on the wall?
whats the color on the writing?
what brand is the keyboard piano?
what is the biker's jersey number?
what does it say on the man's green shirt?
what number is shown?
what point is mentioned, with the sign?
what is written on the top of the front of the train?
whats the name of the boat?
what is the ship's name?
which company owns these boats?
what is the magazine title?
is the man racing?
who is this man's sponsor?
when can you order online?
is the black boat going to kuwait?
is he rising a book?
what city is this?
what is the river in this drawing?
what word is written in red font on the banner on this ship's front sail?
what is the brand of this man's helmet?
what does the sign on the building say?
what is the license number on the jet ski?
what is the hull number of the jet ski?
what is the ship's name?
which company does the ferry belong to?
what is this mountain called?
what initials are on the sitting woman's shirt?
is the woman in red wearing a shirt for the fire department of new york?
what is the daydreamer thinking?
what are you supposed to do to the photo according to the top left?
what does the green street sign say?
what is the name of the street?
what is the name of the boat?
what is uppermost word written on the boat in the foreground?
what does the logo represent on the red boat?
does this place look like a dock to you?
how much is the fare?
what is printed on the light?
what kind of terrorists are mentioned?
what kind of boat are they on?
what is written on the steering rudder?
how many laps to go?
what dies it say on the top right of the screen?
what is on the blue sign?
what products is being sold in this machine?
what is the name of the ship on the left?
what store is in the picture?
what is the fast food place on the left?
was the rail made by "mini"?
what number has the yellow background?
what does the top sign say?
what is written on the whit ebanner?
which letters are repeated twice in the white banner?
what kind of stand is this?
does the stand sell apples?
what is on the sign in blue?
what is the name of the boat?
where is this bridge?
what number is on either of the boats?
what is the brand of the machine?
what does the green graffiti over the tunnel say?
which country is named on the blue banner?
what slide number is this?
what letters are found on the ship in big font?
how many minutes max on the top sign?
who makes this tv?
what is the name on the boat?
what does the pink board say?
what does the second board say?
what are these people walking for?
what is the name of the tour company?
what is the license number of the buss?
what ice cream brand is this?
what else do they have besides ice cream?
what does this say?
what's written in pink graffiti?
what does it say in green letters?
what is the number on the tram?
what is the name of the trolley?
what are the last four numbers on the trolley?
what company are those storage units from?
what city is this?
what is in the last row of text on the dumpster?
what number is shown on the sail?
what is this boat's registration number?
what does the red sign say?
where can some one not do according to the stop sign?
what number is written on the postcard?
were is this at?
what is the number on the sig?
akth is the name of the largest ship, is it docked?
what is the website featured on this sing?
what is the lifeguard station named?
what number lifeguard station is this?
what is written beside the word sport on the left?
sport sport sport?
which company operate this train?
what is the number of the thalys train?
what number is on the ship at the front?
which company does the cart 2680 belong to?
what number is this train?
what are the words written in white letters on the side of the train?
what is this writing in reference to?
what is the number on here?
what country is this photo?
what province is this picture from?
what kind of checkpoint is ahead?
what is ahead?
what does it say on the side of the ship?
what country is written on the side of the ship?
what is the train's number?
what railroad company is written on this train?
what is the name of this railroad company?
what is written on the boat's sails?
what is the number on the boat sail in the middle?
what is this boats number?
is that a miller lite banner in the back?
what letter is on this boat?
who took these photographs?
where is the runner about to cross?
what number is above the finish line?
is that a water taxi?
what's on the side of the boar?
what brand is advertised on this boat?
what name is displayed vertically on the mast of the sailboat?
what number is in the big yellow circle?
what is the name of the inn?
what save lives?
who owns the picture?
is there letters before the inda on the boat on the far left?
does the sign mention being stronger together?
what is the first name of the boat?
what is the name on the front of the huge white boat / yacht?
what is the model number of the boat?
what year was this photo taken?
where was this picture taken?
what is the address?
what kind of boat is this?
what is the ship name?
what kind of legos is this?
what kind of star wars toy is this?
what is written on the side of the boat?
what sport is listed on this sign?
what language is the sign in?
what company operates the bus on the right?
what is the word in green at the top of the bus on the left?
what is written on the side of the pickup?
what is the name of the boat?
what city is this boat from?
what country is the blue sailboat from?
what country is to the right of the blue sailboat?
what is the name on the train?
what is the first city written on the train?
what's the word before prairie?
what is the name of this train?
what company is advertised on the sign?
whats the date on the left side of the sing?
what company works in that building?
what is the name of the boat?
what is on the boat?
what kind of police is this robot for?
what is the name of this location?
what is the name of the boat in the water?
what is on the sail?
what is the number and letter on the boat?
what week are they celebrating?
what colour is the first boat from left?
what word is displayed on the white wall?
what is the name on the raft?
what are the 2 black number on the cabin, that are visible?
what is the name of the pharmacy on the far right?
what is below the american flag?
what marathon is being run?
what number is the rider?
what are the words on the ship?
what does it say on the yellow tape?
what is the name of the street shown?
what is the 3 letter on the stairs?
what funny zombie movie title is shown on this cover?
who said this movie is an absolute blast?
how many miles per gallon (mpg) does this vehicle get?
33 miles per gallon?
what time is it?
what is the banner welcoming us to?
what is the banner implying?
what time is shown on the clock?
what number are both hands on?
what word is printed under the word "view" on the bottom right of this clock face?
what two words are written on the bottom right of the clock?
what's the name of this wholesale club?
what do they sell at bj"s ?
who said the quote in the picture?
who is the artist?
what is the time on the clock?
what number is next to the red circle?
is it almost 11:45?
what brand is this champagne?
what time is shown by this green clock?
which number is the minute hand closest to?
what is the time shown on the clock on the bottom?
what club is on the shirt on the left?
what is the name of the store?
is this a clock store in sweden?
what pier is this?
what movie is displayed above the midway sign?
what is the clock's time?
what does the small text say above 6?
what is the brand of the clock?
what time does the clock say?
should we stop ahead?
what kind of road is ahead?
what time does the clock say?
which country could this be from?
what avenue is mentioned?
what temperature does the clock max out at?
what sibling type is shown in large text across the front of this shirt?
what brand is the shirt?
what time is it?
what's the highest number shown on the middle device?
what is the lowest number shown on the middle device?
what is the gauge pointing at?
what is the furthest right number on the watch face?
what brand is the clock?
what time is on the clock?
this is a church?
what time is it?
what zone is it?
what time is presented on the clock?
what is the time on the clock?
what number is top center?
who is the memorial for?
what time is it?
what is the 4 digit number on the card?
what name is on the card?
what are the two words printed on the top of this plaque, on this wheel?
what year is mentioned on the wheel of this vehicle?
what coffee shop has green lettering on the outside of the building?
which holiday is being celebrated?
why is the place looking so scary?
what model of rolex is this?
what is the brand of watch?
what time is shown on the clock?
what city is written on the clock?
what kind of watch is that?
what time is it on the watch?
what number is the hand of the clock pointing at?
how many numbers are on the outer ring of this clock?
what is the value of the doll?
what is the title of the book?
what time is on the watch?
what time does the watch read?
what time does the clock read?
what kind of numerals are the numbers?
what brand is this watch?
what is the model name of the watch?
how is the numbers written on the clock?
the gauge on this meter reads what?
whos brand name is on the bottom of the gauge?
what is the name of the geyser?
what is the max height?
what does the quote say on the bottom of the sign?
what is on the picture saying?
what does the clock read?
what is the name of this school?
what time is it?
what it the top left number?
what time is it?
what number is the small hand pointing to?
what is the name of the restaurant?
what time does the clock say?
what words are on the clock?
what letter is on the sign on the lamppost?
what time does the clock read?
what month is the calendar?
what time does the clock say?
what time is it?
what displayed number is the second hand pointing the closest to?
what time is displayed on the clock?
what number and character replaces the 6 spot on the clock?
what type of clock is that?
what time does the clock read?
what number is at the top of the clock?
what company made the clock in the photo?
is this a telephone booth?
what time does the clock display?
what brand is the clock?
what's the name of the jeweller?
what number does the little hand on the clock point to?
who makes the clock?
what time is it>?
what time is shown on the clock?
where was this clock made?
what time does the clock say?
what time is it on the phone?
how many suspects have the police found?
what channel is this?
does the clock say its 2 :51?
what is the brand name of the clock?
what time is it?
what does the building say?
in what units are these numbers measured?
what number is at the bottom of the clock?
what time is it?
what is the brand name of the clock on the right?
what is the time according to the black clock?
what show is advertised on the red poster?
what time is it?
what time does the clock on the wall have?
what company is written on the puffy men above the clock?
what time is it?
what number is the second hand pointing to?
which network provider servicing this phone?
what brand is the speedometer for?
what is the top speed of the dial?
what city is listed in the middle?
what city is listed in our left?
what is written below the clock?
what time is displayed on the clock?
what does the top right sign say?
what are the times on the two clocks?
what words can be seen on either clocks?
who built this clock?
where was the clock built?
what is the name in green?
what time does the clock read?
what letters do you see?
what time does the alarm clock say?
what time does the clock show?
what date was this picture taken?
what is number on the left center?
what time is it?
when was this clock company established?
what time is it?
what number is the bottom number?
whats the sign telling?
what number is the short hand on?
the time on the clock reads?
what brand of clock is this?
what number is the small hand pointing to?
what time does the grandfather clock give?
what time is on the clock?
what time is it?
what is the slogan for mcdonald's according to the clock?
what time is it?
what time is on the clock?
is it 3'o clock?
is the time 1:20?
what is the clock on the right for?
what country is the clock in the very center telling the time for?
what is the name of the movie?
what are the numbers written to the right of the clock?
what company logo in on the clock face?
what is the reward?
what country's orchestra is featured?
what word is spelled out in the banner?
what phrase is written on in black area of fireplace?
what time is it?
what is the highest number on the clock?
what should you do as well as seek according to the image?
what company has a logo on the clock?
what time is shown on the clock?
what time is it?
what brand is this clock?
what kind of kit is sitting below the clock?
does the clock read 3:35?
is this clock in a town?
what number is the altitude gauge approaching?
what time is it on the clock?
what is the name on the clock?
what university is on the plate cover?
what roman numeral is on the top of the clock?
what time is it?
is a brand name shown?
is this a champion watch?
what is the time?
what time is indicated by the clock?
what type of watch is this?
what is the four digit number?
what time is it?
what is the brand of clock?
what time is shown?
what is the domain name shown on the image?
whats the time on the clock?
according to the clock, it is time to what?
what time is on the clock?
what time is on the clock ?
what year was this clock made?
what brand is this?
what does the red letters on the right bottom say?
what word comes just before time on the clocks?
what is the building used for?
what is the name of the upper most icon on the left?
what is the name of the person who owns this account on this computer?
what is the name of the otel ?
what time is it?
what never stops?
what are closing?
what is the town of ware known as?
what town is welcoming us?
is it 3 o'clock?
what does the sign say above the clock?
what does the right side vinyl say?
which numeral is the arrow pointing to?
what time does the cuckoo clock say?
what number is on the left center?
what is the time on the clock?
what brand of clock is showing?
what number is the little hand of the clock pointing to?
what number is the minute hand of the clock currently on?
what type of numerals are on the clock?
what time is it?
what is the current time being shown?
what is the first word on the sign?
what time is displayed on the clock?
what kind of sword is in the quote?
what company produced this clock?
what number is on the right side of the watch?
what time is it on the clock?
who made this clock?
what type of watch is thiss?
what city is this?
what time is it?
what mathematics expression represents 1:00?
wht time is it?
about what time is it?
what is the watch brand?
what time is the clock?
what time is shown on the clock?
what is the time indicated by the clock?
based on the clock's words, what time is it?
what is the brand of this watch?
what time does the watch say it is?
what time is it?
what is the middle word on the book?
what time is it?
what time does the clock say it is?
what is the highest number on this photo?
what time does the clock read?
what brand of clock is that?
what is the time shown?
is keeneland a horse racing track?
what does the number at the top?
what time was this picture taken?
what time is it?
what time was this screenshot taken?
what is the temperature?
what day is it?
does the sign on the podium say great lakes day in washington?
what time is it?
what brand is on the clock?
what is the address on the clock?
what is the first word written on the clock?
is there a coors light pool party?
what number does the small hand point to?
what number is the big hand pointing too?
what time is displayed on the clock?
what is the name of the business?
what time does the clock say?
what does it say at the bottom of the image?
who is the artist for this piece?
what time is it?
what number does the small hand point to?
what time is it?
what number is on the clock?
what number and letter combo is on top on both sides?
which city does this take place in?
what are the two words under the clock?
what time is it?
what time does the clock say?
what city name is shown in the back?
what two words are written on the building?
what country is being celebrated in this banner?
america is land of the free and home of the ?
what time is on the clock?
what does the sign below the clock say?
what time is on the clock?
what letter i the the left side of the white board?
what number is the minute hand pointing to on the clock?
what numbers are shown on this?
what is the number at the bottom of the clock?
what time does the clock show?
what is the time?
the time is 7:25?
what time is it in london at the moment?
what is that place used for?
what number is the minute hand pointing to?
what number is the hour hand pointing to?
what is the name of the park?
what time does the clock say?
is that the clock makers name behind the hands?
what time is it on the clock?
what university is this clock affiliated with?
what letter are in black above the clock face?
what number is in the white box within the clock?
is this a clock?
what brand is the watch?
what time is show on the clock?
what is the first number on the clock?
what time does the clock claim it is?
in what city is it 01:24?
what time is it?
what number is the small hand of the clock pointing to?
what association's building is this clock on?
what month does the clock point to?
what month is under the light?
what is written on the left hand sign?
what time is it?
where is the minute hand pointing?
what is on the flag?
what is the name of the store?
what body part symbol of on the loof board?
is that clock made by seiko?
what number is the small hand pointing to?
what's the formula at the top of the image?
is this clock at 8:05?
what time does the clock say?
what famous watch brand is shown here?
what is the date on the bottom right?
who is the composer?
what is the name of the hotel?
what time is on the clock?
what time does the clock say?
what is a word found on the clock?
who made the clockface?
what is the name above the clock itself?
what does the writing in the middle mean?
what time is it?
what is on the banner on the left?
what time is it?
what is written on the clock tower?
what park is this clock at?
what is time time displayed on the clock?
what time does the black clock read?
what time is on the round clock on the left?
what highway is on the clock?
what is the number written on the clock?
what time is the clock set to?
how many hours till midnight are there?
what time does the clock display?
what is the letters would you use for 5:00?
what time does the clock display?
what example time is on the right?
what is written on the display on the right side?
what is the inspirational quote?
what is the time on the clock?
what is the name of the team on the clock?
which number is the clock hand pointing to?
what time is the clock showing?
what language is on the newspaper on the left?
what does it say on the clock?
what time does the clock show?
what is the motto for this clock tower?
what time does the clock have?
what is the brand name of the clock?
what brand of clock is this?
what time is it?
what number is the seconds hand pointing to?
what number is in the 12-o'clock potion of this clock?
where was this clock made?
what time is shown here?
what is the temperature?
what kind of watch is this?
what is the higest number on the clock?
who made this poster?
who wrote exhibition color lithography?
what time is it?
what is written below the clock?
what is the date?
how many clocks can you see?
what is listed on the store sign?
what is the title of this store?
what is the name of the building where the big clock is attached to?
what time is shown on the clock?
what is the name of the pub?
what does the sign say is good for you?
what time is it?
what is the name of the wall?
what is the word on the ticket?
does it say "fly" on the button?
what time is it in narnia?
what time does the clock show?
is this a clock?
what does the very top roman numeral say?
what type of numbers are on the clock?
what is the name of the style of the numbers?
what day of november is it?
what time is it?
what numbers are written on the clock?
what time is shown on the clock?
what time is shown on the clock?
what time does the clock show?
what city is this in?
what's the highest number shown on the clock?
what time is it?
what time can be seen on the clock?
whats the time on theclock?
what time is it?
what roman number has the long hand just passed?
what kind of numerals are the numbers on this clock?
what date is the weather for?
what time does the clock say?
what numbers are on the clock above the 12?
who is the owner of the building?
what time is on the clock?
what does it say to not give up?
what year is on this?
what time does the clock say?
are the signs in english?
what time does the clock show?
what time does the clock with the 2 little people have on it?
what time is on the clock in the top right?
what time is the clock saying?
what time is it on the clock?
what is the single number at the top right of the sign?
what is the name of the house?
is the public clock or not?
what number is the small hand pointing to?
what time is it?
who is playing today?
where is the providence park located?
what time is displayed on the clock?
when was the building established?
what band t-shirt is the man on the left wearing?
which artist is on person on the right's tshirt?
what time is it?
what brand is this watch?
what time is it?
how many hours till midnight?
what number is the bag hand pointing to on the clock?
what time is shown on the clock?
what time is it?
what time does the clock show?
what time is on the clock?
what number is closest to the longest hand of the clock?
what time does the pink clock read?
who should you spend time with?
what time is it?
what year is under the clock?
what is the city name about the 6?
what is the bottom word on the clock?
what time is it on the phone?
what time does it read on this clock?
what is the brand advertised on this clock?
what number is the little hand pointing to?
what location is the clock on the far right for?
what time is it ?
what company is on the bottom of the clock?
is that an rc clock?
what roman numeral is the big hand pointing to?
is it possible to read the time on this clock?
when was the estate built, according to the sign?
what time is it?
are the numbers on the clock roman numerals?
what time is it?
what city is listed below?
what number has the seconds hand recently passed?
what time is shown on the clock?
what brand is the clock?
what time is it on the clock?
what time does the second hand show?
what time is it in madrid at the moment?
what four letters are on the clock face?
what time is it?
what time is it?
what numeral is the short hand pointed to?
what is this ross product?
what is the top number on the clock?
how long will it take for the clock to change the hour?
whattime is on the clock?
what number is the big hand on?
what number is shown on the top?
the time on the clock reads?
what is the name of the cooking company?
what are they advertising for?
what time does the clock show?
what time is it?
what time does the clock say?
is this the time in nevada?
of what state the clock show the time?
what is this time piece made from?
what kind of view is the clock?
what time is it?
what does the poster with the cat say on it?
what time is it according to the clock?
what is the brand of that clock?
what is the temperature shown on the outdoor thermometer?
what kind of fries do they serve?
what kind of stop is the man at?
what date is on the clock ?
what day of the week is this?
what time is it?
what roman numeral is the big hand on?
what time does the clock say?
what number is the big hand pointing at?
does this establishment offer wifi to its guests?
what is the number on the bottom of the sign?
what's the time that is read on this clock?
whats the brand of the clock?
what time is shown on the fancy clock?
what is the name on the billboard?
what time does the clock say it is?
what number is the big hand closest to?
what train platform does the ardennen expres depart from?
what time is on the clock?
what time is on the clock?
what number is the small hand pointing to?
what time does the clock say?
what is the sign holder sick of?
does the girl have hello kitty on her shirt?
what is the company name on the middle sign?
what website is printed at the bottom of the banner?
what are the initials on the sign?
what is this ministry for?
who is only allowed here?
is there players allowed ?
what number is written in green?
how much is the fine for public dumping?
what is written in spray paint on the can?
what brand is this?
what brand of soda?
what type of bin is the guy grabbing with his hands?
what is the website?
what website is listed?
what kind of booth is this?
is that a telephone booth or a police call box?
what does it say on the green part of the banner?
what kind of balls is this guy calling for?
what is written on this guy's sign?
should you walk slowly or fast by this?
what is the first english word on this sign?
what is the only thing you can put in the container?
what is the name of the company that owns the container?
what state is this car from?
what website do you visit for more information of the company labelled on the pole?
what is the first word?
what is the last word on the bag?
who is the digital media competition sponsor?
what does it say on the white poster?
what does the billboard say?
what does the establishment serve?
what city is this group based in?
are these people the airline crew?
what kind of trash is this for?
what type of material is this trash box made of?
the national trust makes what?
what brand is this ice cream?
what is the bus number?
which city does the trash can belong to?
take what in scottsdale?
what brand is the beer?
what beer is in the green can?
which year was this meeting held?
what does it say above 2011?
who is in charge of the waste management?
are there any numbers on the identification label?
what does the bin on the left say?
what state is on the mural?
the mural is beautiful but is that a farm warehouse?
what is the brand of container?
name this food vendor?
how much does the least expensive food item cost?
are these trash bins or recycle bins?
which state issue this licence plate?
what is the license plate number?
what city does this image take place in?
what is the web address for this company?
how much is the fine listed on the trash can?
what is the last word in green?
what brand of watch is advertised?
what is this bin for?
what kind of waste?
is there parking allowed in this area?
what food is sold here?
what are the initials on the dumpster?
what is the brand on the brown box?
what cigarette brand box is being used as a trash can?
what is the first trashcan ment for?
what material should be placed in the center recycling bin?
what is served hot & fresh?
why can't we throw household waste in it?
what colour is the bin?
which zoo is this located in?
what kind of place is la pastora?
what kind of bin is the red bin?
is the red recycling?
what is that bin on the right?
which recycling bin does paper go in?
what logois undernearth the scorpion?
what name is written in graffiti?
what news paper is in the trash basket?
what is the title of the artical?
what fruit is mentioned on this object?
which city is the trashcan in?
what type of break is written in graffiti on the dumpster?
what type of body part is drawn on the dumpster?
what does the wall read?
what does this wall tell you to sound?
what kind of bin is this?
which trashcan is for metal?
what is the trash can number?
what city is this trash can in?
what kind of waste are you not supposed to put in the dumpster?
what does the dumpster have written on its side?
how many bins are there?
this is machine and tools box?
what numbers are on the toilet lid?
how much is the fine for business or household trash?
can household trash go here?
why is this little guy angry?
what's under the symbol on the blue trash can?
what type of recycling goes in the yellow can?
what can you only do?
what is the address on the building?
what letters are found on the trash can?
what does a container hold?
what should be placed in the middle bin?
what is the top line?
what does the purple waste bin read?
what does the white sign say?
what branch of the jalalabad islamic center is this?
what is the name of this islamic centre?
what letters are on this old man's hat?
what word is under the picture on the trash can?
which city is this trash bin from?
does the can say to keep the city clean?
what are the flyers for?
what country is on the flyer?
what is the english letters on the green flag?
what is on the green sticker?
where is this trashcan located?
what is this bin for?
what 2 words are written vertically on the post?
what should we throw in the garbage?
what is on the trash can?
what is the first lletter of the word on the trash can?
what goes into this bin?
what number is written on the trash can in the middle?
what is the shack selling?
what style of sno-balls?
what drink is on the fridge?
who is advertised on the trash can?
what does the litter bin say underneath?
what is the first word on the can say?
what church does this trash can belong to?
are these for paper?
what is the phone number on the far left blue bin?
what are you only suppose to put in the green dumpster?
what does the second hashtag say?
what does the last sentence in the bubble say?
what trash company takes away the trash from this house?
what location is on the bin?
who was right?
what is wrote below free?
what is free according to the trash can?
who's country is this?
what is in red on the podium sign?
is there grafitti in the image?
what does this shop sell?
what are in the white boxes on the left can?
what words are on the green bin bag?
can we dump rubbish here?
what type of recycling is the brown can for?
what is written on the green background?
what is the name on the box?
what company is the product from?
who works in this hut?
what is the poster for?
what is instructed on the sign?
what are they selling here?
how many corn dogs are on the sign?
what market is that bag from?
what is this box used for?
what is this box for?
what is written on the side of the trash bin?
what is written on this trash can?
what is the company being promoted?
what letter is in white?
that's on the green trash can?
what goes in the blue boxes?
what is the written under the long set of white numbers in the middle of this container?
what does the sticker say?
what is inside the garbage pails?
what word is written with white letters on a red background?
what does the bin with the red top say on it?
what is this red thing supposedly saying in a foreign language?
which two letters are painted in white on the left garage door?
what is written on the first line of the leftmost bin?
what is the number of the blue bin?
what is the number of the yellow bin?
what is the website link on this trash bin?
what is the name on the can?
how much can i save on art?
what are they selling?
what is the first three digits of the phone number on the trash can?
what is written on the white labels on these containers?
its dustibin box?
what goes in the green column?
what does the bin say to do on the grey area?
what should you start living?
what company did this bucket come from?
can you put general waste inside the bin?
what do you need to do to cans and bottles?
what trash bin is in the middle?
what recycling bin is on the right?
is this written in spanish?
what does that sign say?
what is the name of this paper?
what is the name of the garbage company?
what model number is on blue can?
what kind of days?
what's spray painted on the wall?
what type of booth is this?
what does the graffiti on the trashcan say?
what does the dog bowl say on the trash bin?
what company is this picture associated with?
what roman numeral is on the flag?
what is the number on these bins?
what is written on this garbage can?
what are the numbers in white?
what is this area liable to?
the date on the poster is?
what number is spray painted on the trash can?
what is in the buckets?
what does the gray bucket say?
what is the name on the red truck?
what letter is on the middle can?
what company is on the side of this truck?
what company is advertising on the desk?
what is the blue bin for?
what type of food is served at the red booth?
what type of water are these people getting?
what number is on the trash can?
we use trash pin regularly?
what number is on the pink sticker?
what is on the sticker?
what is inside the garbage can?
what phone number is for the garbage can?
what are these style of bins called?
what is the brand of this dumpster?
what does the recycle bin say?
what does the yellow text say?
what is the building number in the middle?
what is the building number on the left?
is the text on the can in english?
what city is the last word on the last sentence?
what group made this crest?
what is written on the bins?
what do you donate here?
who do you donate to?
what company picks up the trash?
what is the green and yellow bin for as seen on the front of the can?
what is the acronym frequently on the can?
what does the yellow sing on the bin say?
where is dunhill located?
what does the front if her shirt say?
what are the numbers on the pink shirt?
what convention is this?
what does the mans bag say?
what is on can?
what is this bin for?
what is the white machine making?
what number is on the garbage can?
what company made the garbage can?
what graffiti is written on the bin?
what number is written upside down on the trash can?
what word is written in red on the bottom of the wall?
what college are the bins from?
what is spray painted on the wall?
what does it say on top of the large pink letters?
where is this bus going?
where is this bus coming from?
what kind of waste is the trash can for?
what number is on the far right trashcan?
what is the letter above the right cup?
what letter is above the left cup?
what festival is it?
what goes in the green trash can?
are these bins part of an asian university?
what number is at the top of the sign?
what is displayed in the topmost sign  post?
what bin is on the left?
what city is this from?
what city name is on the trash can?
what should you cover?
what does the sign say should be healthy?
what is the distance of the closest sign?
what does the sticker say?
what city are these trash cans in?
what color are the city supplied trash receptacles?
what airport does this take place in?
a canadian airport?
what does it say in white text with red background on the trash can to the far left?
what city provides these trash cans?
what is the number on the jersey?
what player is on the jersey?
what letters are on the yellow sign?
what is the name of the building?
what is old?
what is the name of the postal service?
what letters are on the yellow sticker?
how should you handle this container?
what city is this in?
what is this made for?
why is there danger?
what symbol is used to show danger in the water?
what is being built?
what is wrote on the right of the building bridges sign?
what is the serial number of the trash can?
how many pounds of lucky rice were in the bag?
what is the number on the trash can?
what is the only number on the garbage can?
what is being advertised?
what does the podium say?
what is written in white letters with a red background?
what is the blue bin for?
what number is on the bin?
what does the sign say in the back say not to do?
what is the name of the boat closest to the camera?
what is written across the garbage bin?
what kind of blend is in the container on the right?
who makes the large red drum?
what number is visible on the truck?
what does the green trash can say?
what does some of this graffiti say?
what is written on the trash can?
what is on the right trash can?
what is written on the blue bin?
what does it say on the bin?
what is written in white on the box?
what state does this take place in?
what are the numbers written on the front of the blue trash can on the right?
what is on the back windshield of that vehivle?
what are the words in red on the sign in the background?
what is this garbage can a target for?
what is written in red?
what is this bin for?
what number is on the bin?
what is written in the blue?
does it say warning under the symbol?
what color is the six number?
what brand is this camera?
what store is this for?
what is the band called?
what year is this plaque celebrating?
what country is on this plaque?
which letter is on the medallion on the pinkie finger?
what is the time right now?
this is watch?
what are the two names on the camera?
what 2 letters are on the camera?
what number is in the name of the item?
what is the big red letter?
what is the brand of watch?
what roman number is on the bottom?
what brand is the camera?
who's the maker of the watch?
what time is it?
what kind of chill?
what is the number shown in the picture?
what camera is that?
what time is it?
what is automatic?
what company made this watch?
what color is the text of the company name?
how many days left according to the watch?
what letters are found in the circle?
what is the dates on top book?
what initials are on the books?
what time is on the watch?
what brand is this watch?
what time is it?
what phone company is the phone with?
what is the name of the cooking company?
what time is shown?
what brand is the watch on the right?
what brand is the watch on the left?
what airport is mentioned on the watch?
what day number is on the watch?
is this a world championship ring?
what does the ring say?
what is the brand of both the watches?
what time are the watches pointing to?
what letter is at the bottom?
how many miles has this person walked?
what is the watch counting?
what crew is this?
what letter is in the star?
what is the temperature?
how much miles it says?
what time is it?
what brand is this watch?
whats is the date according to the watch?
what brand is the watch?
what company is the watch from?
what time is displayed on the watch?
what day was this photo taken?
what is the name of the phone?
what type of camera is this?
what kind of numbers are shown?
what time is it?
is the machine in service?
what is written on the blue sticker below the display?
what brand is the phone?
what time is it?
what's the brand name of this watch?
what does the ring post say?
how many seconds are shown on the watch on the right?
what brand is the pink watch?
what time is on the watch?
how many photos are on the camera?
what number photo is this one?
what's the bpm?
what is the brand of camera?
what is the luxmeter app?
how much battery left?
where is the bottom right coin from?
what is the date on the bottom right corner?
what month can be seen abbreviated to the very top right?
in the left watch, what is the second hand on?
what time is it on the left watch?
what brand of watch is this?
when was this picture taken?
the watch shows what time?
what brand of watch?
what time is it?
what is the time shown?
what number is the big hand closest to?
what is the temperature?
what times does the first watch read?
what brand of watch it this?
what does it say on this bottle?
how many pictures are there?
what time is it on the watch?
what number is the only time number shown on the grey watch?
what time is it?
what is the date at the bottom of the watch?
what time is it?
who is the watch maker?
what brand of watch is this?
first 2 letters of the brand name?
what is the time on the watch?
what is the brand name in gold text?
how many minutes are displayed on the watch?
what is the name of the open app on the watch?
what time does this watch show?
what time ison the watch?
what is the time on the watch?
whose watch is this?
what is the date?
what time is displayed?
what is the depart time?
what website is written on this image?
what brand watch is this?
what day of the week is it?
what time does the clock display?
when was this taken?
what brand of watch?
what brand of watch is this?
what brand is this watch?
what time is the watch set to?
what kind of watch is this?
what is the brand of watch?
what is the name on this?
what brand is this watch?
what does the watch say on the bottom of its face?
what state is the license plate?
what three words are written in red?
what time does this watch say?
what day of the week does the watch show?
what brand is this watch?
what model is this watch?
what is the brand of this watch?
what time is the watch showing?
what time is it?
what big numbers are at the top of the watch?
what is this watch called?
what time is the display?
how many sensors does that watch have?
what brand is the watch?
who made this watch?
what time is it?
what brand of watch is this?
what is the number after "m" at the bottom?
what kind of man?
what is the name of this drink?
what number is on the left?
who makes the watch?
is this an original?
who is this watchpiece for?
what is the number above the name?
what time is shown?
what is the center option at the bottom of this app?
what brand is written on this phone at the top?
what brand of smart watch is it?
what brand of watch is this?
what number is shown at the bottom?
what's the model name of this watch?
which country is this model specifically for?
is that an olympus camera?
what type is the olympus camera?
what time is on the watch?
what numbers are displayed on the watch?
about what time is it?
what number is shown?
what bank issued the blue credit card?
what date is on the watch?
what time does the watch display?
what time is it?
what number does the minute hand point?
when is this photo taken?
what is the company name of the device being used to hold the watch?
what year was this taken?
what type of watch is this?
what model number is the metawatch?
what day of the month is it?
what is the brand of watch on the left?
what is the company name that is printed on the green watch bag?
what brand is the watch?
what time does the watch say?
what is written in the meter?
what is written in white above the meter message to the left?
what time is it?
what number is on the top?
what brand of watch is this?
what is the time shown by the watch?
what time is on the watch?
what brand of watch is this?
what watch brand is thia?
where is the watch band?
what number is shown in focus on this watch?
what brand of watch is this?
what company produced this watch?
what is the brand of watch?
when was this watch brand founded?
what time does the watch say?
what time does this clock display?
what  number is displayed?
what brand of watch is this?
what is the large number?
what time is it?
what is the brand on the watch?
what date is on the pk?
what language is this ad in?
what is the date shown?
what do the red letters on the watch face spell out?
what time is it on the watch?
how many steps were taken according to the watch?
what time is shown on the clock?
what brand is the clock?
who makes the vivo active?
what is the day of the week on the watch?
is it after 11:00 on the clock?
what time is it?
what is the time displayed?
what date was ths photo taken?
what kind of watch is it?
what time is it?
is this a genuine rolex?
what do you get paid to do according to the red advert?
is tehelka the watch brand shown>?
what is the brand of the watch?
what is the date on the watch?
is it nearly 12:45 on this watch?
whatsthe time on the watch?
what day is on the calendar?
what is the day of the week shown on the phone?
what is the brand name of this watch?
what number is on the black case on the right?
what time is on the watch?
what brand is this watch?
what brand of camera is this?
what digits can be seen on the watch?
who made this watch?
whats the time shown ?
what time is it?
what day is it?
what date is shown?
what number is the minute hand closet t?
what time is shown?
what kind it is?
what brand of watch is this?
what number is shown?
what brand of watch is this?
what the title of the game on the watch?
what is the name on the box?
what time is shown?
what brand is the watch?
what is the time displayed?
what type of watch is this?
what number is at the top?
what time does the watch indicate?
what brand is this watch?
what does the watch say at the top, below the 12 position?
is this a fossil watch?
is the brand kodak mentioned?
what is the date today according to the watch?
what is the time according to the watch?
what is the name of the watch?
what number is at the top of the dial?
what time does the watch show?
what number is the small hand pointing too?
what brand of watch is this?
what is the brand of watch?
what color is the watch band?
what city is the message from?
what brand is the smartwatch?
what does it say in red on the cd?
when is this photo taken?
what day of the week is displayed on the watch face?
is it before noon on the clock?
what time does the clock say?
how many fathoms are there for this watch?
what number is the clock hand on?
whats the number behind the  clocks?
what is the date on this watch?
what is written in the heart on the watch?
what's the largest number on the edge of the watch?
what time is it?
what is the time?
what brand is the watch?
what time does it say?
who makes this watch?
what type of watch is this?
what is the day of the month on the watch?
what time is it?
what is the brand of the watch?
what time is it?
how water resistant is this watch?
what metal is this watch made from?
what is the watch brand under the logo?
what year was this photo taken?
what brand is the watch?
what number is the second hand pointing closest to?
what brand of watch is shown?
what year is the bracelet from?
what size are the batteries?
what size battery does this show?
what brand is the watch?
what date is on the watch?
what time does the watch say it is?
what is the time on the clock?
what is the platform number on the sign the man with the two bags is walking under?
what brand is the watch?
what brand of watch is this?
what is the brand name of this watch?
according to this watch, what day of the month is it?
what email service is on this watch?
what time does the watch say it is?
what time does the watch read?
what brand watch is this?
what is the brand of watch on this man's wrist?
what time is it?
what time is shown on the clock?
what number is the date box?
what is the number inside the box?
what is the time on the watch?
what brand of watch is this?
what time is on the rolex?
what date is on the image?
what day is it?
what time is it?
what brand is the watch?
when was this photo taken?
what brand is this watch piece?
what time is on the watch?
what time is shown on the watch?
what is the coin titled?
what year was this coin made in?
what number is upsidedown on the far right?
what time is being shown?
what is the time on the clock?
what time is shown on the watch?
what time does the watch say?
this is a watch?
what time is displayed on the watch?
what time does the watch show?
what date is printed in the bottom right corner?
what time is displayed on the watch?
what color is the pocket watch?
what brand of watch is this?
what is the phone number?
this is cambia?
who makes this watch?
what time is shown?
what brand is visible on the watch face?
what is the time on the watch?
what do the white letters say?
what do the charms say?
what brand of watch is shown?
what time is it?
are those designer watches?
what time is on the watches?
what time is it?
what brand is the watch?
what casio watch is this?
what does this watch resist?
what time is shown on the watch?
what is the name of this watch?
what brand of watch is this?
what does it say on the face of the clock?
what is this watch made with?
what is the time shown?
who made the time piece?
what brand is this?
what day is seen?
what's the make of the watch?
how many seconds does the watch show?
what brand of watch are these?
what does the ring around the face of the watch measure?
is this watch a chronograph?
what brand watch is this?
what time is on the watch?
what brand is the watch?
what time does it read on the clock?
in watch time is 4.20?
what name is written on this belt?
what elevation number is written on the post?
what is the brand of watch?
what brand of watch?
what time is shown on the watch?
what ttype of watch is this?
what brand is the speaker behind the watch?
what brand of watch is that?
are the numbers on the bezzle divisable by five?
what is the time the watch reads?
what brand is this watch?
what is the button on left for?
what does the top number represent?
is the right watch a tudor watch?
what is the time on the watch on the right?
what brand is this watch?
what time does the watch say?
what brand of watch is this?
what time does the watch show?
what time does it say?
what is the date on the watch?
what time is the clock on teh bottom left pointing to?
what is the time right now?
what is the brand name of the watch?
what number is the very small hand pointing to on the watch to the right?
what state is on the right watch?
what country is on the bottom of the watch face?
what time is it on the watches?
which country do you think manufactured this shirt judging by the gold text?
what is the large number at the bottom of the watch faces?
who owns the watch?
what time is displayed?
what brand is the clock?
what kind of watch is this?
what is the brand of this watch?
what brand its?
what is the time shown on this watch?
who is the manufacturer of the watch?
what time is it?
what brand of watch?
what brand of watch is this?
what day of the week is it?
what brand of watch is this?
what is the time displayed on the watch?
what is the brand of this watch?
when is this photo taken?
what is the time shown?
what edition is the watch?
brand name of this watch?
what is one of the numbers on the watch?
who are these edited by?
what is the title of the book on the left?
what brand is the watch?
what is the time of the watch on the right?
who makes the watch?
is the watch a swiss watch?
what time is it on the clock?
what brand is this watch?
what kind of watch is that?
what sea creature's name is found on this watch?
what brand of watch is this?
which place is this?
what time is on the clock?
what word is that?
what is written in the bottom left corner?
what is the brand of watch?
what time does the watch on the right show?
what is the name of the photography company?
who makes the camera?
what year was the photo taken?
what year does it say on the watch face?
what number is the long hand pointing to?
what is the time shown?
the date on the picture is?
when was this picture taken?
what time does the clock say?
what is the date printed in the lower right corner?
what are they listening to?
what language is the smart watch in?
what brand is shown on the watch band?
who many steps have been taken?
what does the top line say?
what is next to green button?
what brand of watch is this?
what time is mentioned in the middle, for what city?
is this picture taken from buenos aires?
what year was this photo taken?
what time does the clock read?
is thia a bubdial?
what does it say on the top of the woman on the left?
what brand of watch is this?
what company is the product by?
what is the date on this photo?
what is the score?
what team has a score of 18?
what brand of watch is this?
what time is on the clock face?
what brand is this watch?
what is the time displayed?
what time is it?
does the timepiece read one minute before midnight?
what time is the clock?
what kind of camera is displaying the clock?
what weight class is this man a champion of?
what does the first word say?
what type of watch is this?
what is the highest number in the green around the watch face?
what brand of watch is this?
is the watch automatic?
what brand name is visible?
what time is it??
what is the brand of this clock?
what type of watch is that?
what time is displayed?
how much does the clock cost?
what are the last two words on the price sign to the left?
what brand is this?
this bike speedometer?
what is the number on the watch?
what time is shown on the watch?
what is the brand of the watch?
is this watch water resistant?
which state is the watch on the left featuring?
how much does the second watch cost?
what time is it?
what type of watch is this, seen on the watch face?
what type of operating system does the phone havea?
what model number is this?
what brand of camera?
what time does the watch show?
what time is it?
what brand watch is this?
what key is on the top left of the keyboard?
what is the name of the theatre company?
what time does the watch say?
what color is the sheep?
what is the percent alcohol listed on the bottle?
what number is on the watch?
what city is imprinted on the green shirt?
where is this terminal?
what company is in the background?
what brand of watch?
what is the company on the card in the wallet?
what is the brand of watch?
they are which product?
what is the newspaper section talking about?
what time is shown on the watch?
what brand is the watch?
what brand are the watches?
what are the watches famous for?
what time does the phone read?
what phone brand is this?
when was this picture taken?
what time is it on this watch?
what is the time displayed?
what is the top number?
what time is displayed?
what is the name of the movie?
what are the numbers to the left?
what time does the watch read?
what is the number in the box?
first word in the top left?
what is the brand being advertised here?
is it after 12:00 on that clock?
what time is it?
who built the clock?
what is the brand of this watch?
what is the date of the month according to the watch?
what is the time on the watch?
what time is it on the watch?
what brand is the watch?
what time is it?
who is the photographer?
what make of car?
what kind of princesses are these?
what is the name of the song on the sheet of music?
what are the cigarettes with no filter next to the card?
according to the card, what does today bring?
what brand of headphones are these?
is this an ad for the ipad?
what brand name is on the side of the box?
what's the date on the right of the photo?
is that an oris watch?
what time is on the watch?
what is the time of this watch?
what company name is on the watch?
how many feet can this watch go down to?
what time is on the watch?
what day of the week is it?
what time is on his watch?
what time is on the clock?
what time is it on the black watch?
count the timepieces?
what brand of watch is this?
what time is it?
what time does the watch show?
what does the number say below the 12?
what day of the week is displayed?
what type of watch is this?
what's the smallest in millimeters the lens goes?
what is the brand of this watch?
what's the number at the top?
what's the number at the bottom?
what luxury brand is the watch?
what is the watch called?
what is the band shown in the back on the giant poster?
about what time is it?
huelga general product?
this label warns you to not what?
what should you not do?
what is measured on this watch apart from the time, of course?
what is the brand of this watch?
the name on the tag is who?
what is the time on the watch?
what number is the minute watch hand on?
what is the number on the disk?
what is the highest number on the watch?
what number is the arrow pointing to on the gauge on the left?
what time is shown on the watch?
what brand of watch is advertised?
is that an original rolex?
what time is it?
what brand of watch is this?
what's the brand of watch?
is this a divers watch?
what brand name is on the round tin?
what time is it?
does the person in the second row, 3rd clock have children?
what color does the top three clocks have written down?
what is the title of the bottom manual?
what is the brand name at the bottom of the image?
what's the name on the watch?
what time is it?
what brand of watch is this?
this is omega cosmie brand?
what's the year on the watch?
what name is on the watch?
what roman numeral is the seconds hand pointing at?
what time is it?
what brand is the watch?
what is the brand of the watch?
what brand of watch is this?
what number does the minute hand point toward?
what is the brand of beer?
who brewed the beer?
what time is displayed on the watch?
what time is it?
what is the short hand on?
what number is on the digital screen?
what brand of watch is this?
what time is shown on watch?
what is the book title?
about what time is it?
what station is this?
what time does the clock say?
what time does the watch read?
time is 10:30?
what time is it?
what's the name on the red box lid?
what brand is on the beer cans?
what time does the clock say it is?
what kind of module is at the front?
what is the brand of this watch?
what is the first word in the sentence?
what is the last word written in the sentence?
what number does the second hand point closest to?
what firmware version is this?
what brand is this camera?
what brand is the watch?
what number is in red?
what brand of watch is that?
what time is ti?
what time do both watches say?
where are these watches made?
what time is on the gold watch?
what kind of edition is that watch?
what time is it?
what brand of watch?
what animal is on the logo?
what day of the month is shown on the watch?
what is the name on the white tag?
what is the word beneath the bottom left symbol?
which theatre company is featured?
what is the text written in gray?
what time is diplayed on the watch?
does the little box say 22?
what brand of watch?
what brand of watch?
what time is it?
is this watch made from quartz?
who made the watch?
what time is it?
is this picture from modern self protection?
what phone manufacture does this phone belong to?
what brand is this phone?
what is the date?
what time does the watch say it is?
what is the time displayed on the top left watch?
what is the time on the 1st watch top left?
what is the brand of this watch?
what time does the watch say?
what year was this company established?
what is the day of the week??
what time is it on the pink watch?
what does it say on the seat in front?
what time is it?
what numbers can you see written on the paper?
what brand of watch is this?
what time is displayed on this watch?
what numbers are mentioned on the man's black shirt?
what text is in the background ad?
what number is the minute hand pointed at?
who made this watch?
what time is it?
what brand is the alarm clock?
what brand is this wristwatch?
what website does this picture come from?
what is the first word on the watch?
what is the label on the red icon?
what word is on the watch?
what is the date displayed at the bottom?
what is the time listed?
what brand of watch is this?
what three letters are written at the upper left of the keyboard?
what auction website is advertised here?
what languages is this website in?
the red button says be?
what time is it?
when was this picture taken?
what date was this picture taken?
what watch brand is the black watch?
what time is the watch currently showing?
what is the date that this clock says it has been around since?
what time is displayed on the clock?
what date is the photo from?
what number is on the bottom dial?
what kind of metal is the watch?
what style of watch is shown?
what state does the blue shirt say?
this shoes is from which label?
what brand is labeled on the blue and white box?
what is the name of the material on the rubber wristband?
what time does the watch say?
what is the temperature on this watch?
what american state is listed on the watch?
what denomination is this money?
what is the serial number on the dollar bill?
what does the note say?
what time is it?
does the clock display the number 6 in roman numerals?
what kind of phone or phone case is this?
what time is it?
what brand of watch is this?
what page number is this?
what luxury watch brand is being advertised?
what hour is it?
what hotel and resort is the cup from?
what hotel and resort is the cup from?
what is printed on the bottom half of the watch face?
what brand are the watches?
how many years of james bond?
what is the time on the watches in this picture?
what are all the numbers on the left?
what is the name of this watch, shown at the top of it?
what is the word above the pink dot in the 6 o'clock position on the watch?
what is the brand of watch?
what time is it on the watch?
how many steps have they taken?
what street is the church on?
what town is this church in?
what number is shown?
hat is on the watch?
what company makes this device?
what gear type is this?
what kind of look does that start?
how many seconds?
what number is the minute hand on?
what number is on the hour hand?
what brand is this watch?
what brand of watch is this?
what time is shown?
what does the text on the leather say?
what brand is this?
what is the url in the add?
what brand is this watch?
what time does the gold watch say?
what time does the middle watch say?
what is the brand of this watch?
what time is it?
what does the time say on that smartwatch?
what time is it?
is the casio lungman a waterproof watch?
what day is it?
what time is the watch showing?
what date is written on the yellow tablet?
what is the date on the time stamp?
what is the brand of watch shown here?
what time is on the watch?
what is the brand of the watch?
what is the title of the book on the top of the stack?
what year was the red book written?
is this a pepsi bag?
what brand is the bag?
what do the yellow buttons say?
who makes this watch?
what platform is this?
what are the two words printed in the largest font?
what is the slogan for this watch?
what is the year date on the right?
what number is at the top of the watch?
what hour is approaching?
what is the brand of cleaners?
what time is it on the clock?
what is her name?
what is the time on the clock?
what brand is the watch?
what is the name of the magazine?
what day is it?
who makes this watch?
what time is it on the watch?
is motorola into watch making too?
what date was the photo taken?
what is the map of?
which park is on the map?
what date is on the watch?
what time is it?
when was this photo taken?
what time is it?
what kind of mushrooms are being advertised?
what type of food is on the poster?
whose name is in black letters?
what time is shown on the watch?
what is the distance to chez browndelair?
what is the first letter on the watch?
what time is shown on this purple watch?
what number is the big hand pointing to?
what is the world after sabores de?
what number is the minute hand pointing to?
what is the hour?
who makes this device?
what time does the clock show?
what brand is the watch?
what brand of shoes are these?
what is the brand of this watch?
what time is it?
what is this watch made of?
what is the minute hand pointing to?
what time is it?
what is the brand name?
what does it say next to the watch on the ad?
what word is shown on the watch rim?
what is the phone manufacturer shown?
what is the version of this phone?
what time is it?
what time is the clock depicting?
what number is the gauge on the right showing?
what brand is the scale?
who is the watch presented to?
what is the time on the watch?
what is the name on this sign?
what is the time on?
who makes this watch?
is this watch water resistant?
what year was this picture taken?
what kind of watch is that?
what company logo is printed on the clock face?
what brand of watch?
how many meters can this watch go?
who does this braclet belong to?
what is the website on this image?
what is the brand of the watch?
what is this brand of watch called?
what is the serial number of this watch?
what name is mentioned on the tag next to the watch?
what numbers are displayed on the picture on the box?
what time is it?
what is the number on the right side of the man?
what type of watch is that?
what is in the box?
what time is the watch pointing to?
what number does the red seconds hand point too?
what day of the week is on the watch?
what time is it?
what is the brand of the watch?
what type of watch is this?
what brand is this watch?
is the watch brand goenen made in denmark?
at what number is the red hand pointing?
this a superman watch?
is the watch a carrerra?
what word is next to  the word second at the top of the watch?
what time is it?
what number is on the bottom left in the outer ring?
what brand of watch is this?
is this made of quartz?
whats the time?
what is the name of the book?
name the author?
what time is it?
what kind of watch is this?
what is the brand of the first watch?
what time is shown on the first clock?
what is the time is the watch set to?
what is the letter on the box?
what is the brand of this watch?
what time is shown on the watch?
what brand of watch is this?
what time does the black face watch say?
when was this photo taken?
how long was the run?
12 km length run?
what time is it?
what brand of beer is on the table?
what kind of watch is that?
when was this watch company stared?
what does it say in the middle of the watch?
how deep is this watch water resistant to?
what year was this photo taken?
what are the two words at the bottom under the bananas?
what kind of bomb?
what is written on the watch's screen currently?
what type of watch is that?
what brand of watch?
what time is shown on the clock?
what number is the big hand of the clock pointing to?
what time is on the watch?
what beer logo is on the watch?
budweiser is the king of what?
what day of the month is shown on the watch?
what brand of watch is that?
what time is shown on the watch?
what month does it say on the watch?
when was this photo taken?
what is the name in red?
when was this photo taken?
what brand is that watch?
what brand of watch is this?
the model number is written on the paper?
what is the brand of this watch?
what model is shown?
what is the clock hand on?
what is the timer being set to?
what day of the week is shown on this watch?
what year is it?
can you name a feature of the watch?
where should you hold the apple watch?
what time is on the watch?
what is the brand of this watch?
what time is it on the watch?
what is the date stamp on the photo?
what number is the big hand on?
what date is it?
what is the name of the polo club?
what time does the clock say?
what brand is this watch?
what time is on the watch face?
is this an automatic watch?
what word is written on the back of the watch?
what word is repeated on the buckle?
what is the brand of this watch?
what number is in the box?
what hour does the black sport watch show?
what day does the screen say it is?
what brand of watch is featured here?
what is the day of the month, according to the watch?
what day of the week does the watch display?
what brand of watch is this?
what is this watch certified for?
what is the large silver number?
what brand of watch?
what is the edition of the timex watch?
what brand is the watch?
what is the time on the clock at the back?
who makes this smart watch?
what date is shown here?
what type of camera is that?
what name is written under the flash?
what are the numbers in the top left?
when was the photo taken?
what time is it?
what number is the hand pointing to?
what time does the clock read?
what time is this?
what is the brand name on the watch?
what number is on his shirt?
what time is displayed on the clock?
what time does the watch show?
what time does the watch not show?
what time does the watch say?
what day is it?
what is the time on the watch?
what is the serial number of this watch?
what time is it?
what time is it?
what does the timer below say?
what day of the week is it?
what brand is the watch?
what country is this watch made in?
what is the brand name of this watch?
what time is on the watch?
what is the name on the side of the train?
what number is shown on the clock?
what is one kind of smart watch shown?
which numbers are displayed in very large font on the watch?
what is the phone number?
what does the shirt say not to get caught doing?
which book is it?
what does the big silver buckle say?
what time does the watch say?
what date is on the watch?
what is the time of the watch?
what brand is this watch?
what edition is this watch?
how many of watches were available in this limited release?
what time is it?
what is written on the signs under the clock face?
what brand is displayed on the watch?
what brand of watch is this?
what time is it?
what time is it?
what number can be seen at the very top of the watch face?
what kind of music is on the fields cd?
who's cd is this?
what brand of watch is this?
what date is on the image?
what time is it?
what is the brand of the watch?
what time is shown here?
what time does the clock say?
what time is it?
what time is it?
what is the brand of the watch?
who is the creator of this thermometer?
what brand is this?
what is this watch called?
is nipic the brand?
what is the url at the bottom of the ad?
what time is it?
what is the brand of the watch?
what time is displayed?
how long is the parking?
can you park during rush hour?
what kind of protection does this watch have?
what is that green board saying?
which roman numeral is the short hand of the clock on?
what does it say on the left?
what kind of bracelet does this watch have?
what is the name of the person who has a quote in the ad?
what year is this taken?
do you think they are yankee fans?
what team is on the shirt?
what is the name on the top of this clock?
what number is a little hand closest to?
what time is displayed on the watch?
when was this photo taken?
what time is shown on the clock?
what is the time shown?
what time does the watch say it is?
how many minutes is it till 11?
what time is being shown?
what is the date on the photo?
the blue paper at the top has a name, it is?
what time is it?
what brand of beer is that?
what percent alcohol is this?
what is the name on the wach?
it is time is 2.50?
what year was the photo taken?
what number is on the side of this?
what number is the second hand pointing to?
what brand of watch is this?
is the date 05 02 2015  written on the lower right ?
what doctor is mentioned?
what is the name of the movie?
what watch brand is advertised?
what number is under the brand name of the watch?
what time is it?
what is the bottom number?
this is insatiable what?
what brand is being advertised here?
what state is hamilton watch located in?
what brand of watch is this?
what number is repeated on the watch?
what roman numerals represent 12:00?
what is the brand name?
what type of edition is shown?
where is the minute hand pointed?
what time is on the watch?
what brand is the watch?
what number is displayed on the watch?
what time is currently on the watch?
what time is it?
what date is on the photo?
what brand of camera is this?
is the on/off button currently in the "on" position?
what time is it on the pocket watch?
what is of the essence?
what is the short hand on?
what is this product?
what is under u-boat?
what is the date on the photo?
whats the name of the company that makes the watch?
what time is it?
what brand of watch is this?
what year was this image taken?
what is the name of the company?
who makes the watch?
what time is on the clock?
what is on the blue banner?
what number is indicated in the smaller circle within the watch?
what is the date on the  watch?
what brand of watch is this?
what nationality made this watch?
what number is the small hand on?
what time is it?
what kind of watch is shown?
what time is shown?
what kind of restaurant is this?
what can you give based on the banner?
what time is it?
what brand of watch?
what is the year mentioned under the brand name?
what type of watch brand is this?
what time does the watch read?
is that  russian hotel?
what is the name of this company?
hey what time is it?
what brand is the watch?
what brand are the white shoes?
what brand is the watch?
who else is on this besides bob dylan?
what is the number before lo on the blue box?
what brand of watch is this?
what are the three numbers on the circle on the right?
is he using a toshiba laptop?
what does the sign in the back say?
what type of watch is that?
what time is it?
how many calories are shown?
what is the brand of watch?
what times is on the clock?
what number is the big hand on ?
what time is it?
what brand is the watch?
what year was this photo taken?
what number comes after the brand name?
what is the brand of the watch?
what is the time shown on the watch on the top right?
what number is printed on the bottom watch?
what time is it?
what time is it?
when was this photo taken?
what's the large number?
what brand is the watch?
what time is on the watch?
what year is this from?
what is the temperature?
which beverage company is featured on the watch?
which well known brand is the creator of this watch?
what number is the second hand closest to?
is this watch made by swiss army?
what time is it?
which time of the clock?
what time is it?
what brand of watch is this?
what time is on the watch?
what company is the medalion from?
what time is the watch set for?
what is the top number on the watch?
where is the institute on the label?
whose signature appears next to the watch?
was the test passed or failed?
what is the brand on this watch?
what is the street name?
what time does the clock say?
what terminal is this?
what brand of watch is this?
what is written above 15?
what is the number closest to the bottom?
how many advertisements are being shown?
what company is the bottom left advertisement for?
what is the number on the sign?
what watch brand is shown?
wht time is shown?
what is the make and model of this watch?
what number is shown large in the middle?
what number does the big hand point to on the black watch?
what big number is shown at the bottom?
what company made the band?
what is the name of the watch?
what is the highest number on this device?
what is the lowest number on the device?
what time is on the watch?
what brand of watch is this?
what is the topic covered in this lecture?
what inn is cited on the podium?
how many toilets are in one kit?
what is written next to the hashtag symbol?
what is the course number?
what person's name is on the top of the list?
what number is on top right?
what does the sign above the white board say?
what date is listed in the lower right corner of the screen?
what text does the red arrow point to?
what will replace libraries?
what kind of expert is on the first pink post it?
what numbers are written on the very top left of the board?
what is the sign welcoming people to?
what is free?
what year is spelled out on the back of the man's shirt?
what do the green squares say?
what is the title of the presentation?
what kind of engineering is being featured on the projection screen on the right side of the picture?
what does the words say in green under "software engineering"?
is the topic of this meeting about different libraries?
this lady appears to be teaching what subject?
what phrase is circled on the whiteboard?
what is the topic on the whiteboard?
what does it say on the man's white shirt?
what is written in red on the bottom right of the image?
what is the largest part of the pie chart?
what is the smallest part of the pie chart?
what two letters are written in blue on the whiteboard?
what is the first topic on the top left?
kept wanting to know how to what?
how were notes shared?
what is on the white board?
what is the top word/name on the shirt?
what goes with the actor and the verb?
what's the title of the current slide?
what is written on the piece of paper tagged on the board?
what year is the plan for building?
what is at the top of the projector in the yellow box?
what is written on the board?
what time is written on the board?
what does the white board say?
what year is on the board?
what kind of diagram is this?
how many different colors are on this board?
what is the main header of this man's list on the board?
what is the first item on the agenda?
when are the two deadlines?
what is the first word written in red?
the board says to focus on for when?
what did they draw on the board?
what is written on the board?
does elizabeth like working out?
what is the first thing that the lady wrote on the white board?
what is the last sentence say?
what does the largest word on the bottom left say?
what is the world written in blue that appears twice?
what is the 4 letter word in the box in the middle?
what kind of interfaces are mentioned?
what does the whiteboard talk about?
what type of list is on the right side of the whiteboard?
what's the date?
who is the third person on the list of people?
what name is listed first on the right?
what is the link on the whiteboard?
what should you admit?
what is the only word written in orange?
what is the hashtag?
what is the first event on this timeline?
what does the title say?
what is the word before 'grant'?
what is the title of this list?
is how to connect people mentioned?
what function does the bottom left key perform?
what is printed above the word option on the same key?
whose thought bubble included the words, you don't say?
who said what was in green?
is this a french lesson?
what century is mentioned?
what word is written in blue vertically?
embrace what or die?
who is this quote by?
what does the can on the right represent ?
are they asking a who, what, where and why questions?
is there a graph on the board?
what is the number in the top row?
which numbers are on the bottom row?
what kind of strategy is shown on the bottom of the white board?
is there a limit to cognitive load?
what is the phone number on the whiteboard?
what is the small creature who is getting eaten saying?
what is the large creature saying?
what is the word on the bottom right of the page?
what is on the white board?
what is written on the board beside privacy issue?
what are there multiple of?
where is susan from?
how old is susan?
who is not here?
who is the doc unit leader?
what is the year on the top right of the board?
what floor is reception found on?
what is the first column in both charts?
what do you solve for?
what number is above f?
what is the word in blue on the card?
what season is it for the show?
is the word insulin on the board?
what is the first website listed?
what is under modes?
how many steps are present?
what word  is located above the speakers head?
what is the word to the left of the speakers head?
what country thinks?
what year is written on this whiteboard?
what is the brand of the laptop?
what is nearby?
what word is above the bus?
who said this quote?
what is the first word in the quote?
what are the words in red?
assets minus what?
what is good?
what is on the person's name tage?
what does the first statement say?
what does the third item say?
what is to the right?
what criteria is mentioned on the board?
what number is on the board?
who made this board?
what type of communicators are they?
what does the word inside the green box say?
what is not being understood?
what type of thinking is listed?
what word is written above moodle?
the board asks who is a what?
how many words are written on the white board?
what does the bottom bullet point say?
what is the 2nd tv stand from the left called?
what is the topic of the notes?
are teachers or staff mentioned here?
what does it say about skills repurposing?
what job title is listed in the middle of the board?
what is the first name on the list?
how many names fit on this list?
where is his new home?
what kind of list is at the top?
what is the name of the character drawn to the left of duffy?
what is the man hosting?
what is this way?
what is the current discussion about?
what is the time bomb saying?
what word is mentioned on all of the cards at the top of the image?
what time is session one?
what is the main topic of the whiteboard lesson?
are those math formulas?
what type of dinosaur skeleton is this?
was this discovered in a quarry?
what is the title on the bottom left of the dry erase board?
how many question marks are there on the board?
what does station 4 has under it?
what comes after sort?
what does it say after the first word on top?
how many song?
what is the verse number?
what model of whiteboard is this?
where should i go to look up emergency preparedness?
what is the last site on the list?
what is across from supporting?
what is generosity?
what is the big red word?
what does digit equal?
is the word failure on the board?
where is this code asses at?
what date is on the board?
what kind of transformation?
what kind of design is mentioned in the top left corner?
what's the topic of the right section?
is there any word visible on that screen?
what color was in 2014?
whats the last year written on the board?
what colour does orange represent?
what is the last word in the list?
what place is closed?
who is leading the mini-innovation workshop?
what number does the variable b equal?
rntc = what?
what color are the words written in one the board?
what does a stand for?
what does e stand for?
what information is in the second box?
what is written next to number 2?
what is the subject of this man's powerpoint presentation?
what does it say in the yellow box on the screen?
is the escalator not working here?
what is the topic of these notes?
what is written above docta in the middle?
what is the first process?
what is the second process?
what time is lunch?
what time are the demos?
how many seedlings?
who does someone feel dumber than?
what month is mentioned at the top?
what two weeks are listed on top of board?
what is the form of government named on the paper?
people over what?
when does story time start?
what day is mentioned at the top?
what is the title of the diagram in the red box?
what is the first line at the top of the text?
what's the conflict?
what do the two designers point to at the top of the board?
what does it ask means to you?
what is awesome?
what word is to the right of the line?
what is being described in these notes?
what is the title in the box at the top of the board?
what is speech about?
are synetics mentioned?
what is the title of this ?
when does this take place?
what is the twitter handle?
what website is displayed?
what word did they write on the white board?
what is the likely meaning of the foreign characters?
what is one of the greatest fear?
what is a lie according to the image?
what market is mentioned on the whiteboard written in red?
whats the notes about?
what is rule number 2?
what is rule 1?
what time is listed?
what number is contained in the brackets?
what is free on tuesday?
what color is the marker used?
what is mt equal to?
what is hci?
is this about the internet?
what does it say in red?
what does the red square symbolize?
what is #3 on the list?
what is the number on the right of the white board?
what is the measurement on the left?
what equation is on the bottom left column?
what does the man's shirt recommend you do?
what does the word in the middle of the board at the top say?
what is written on the wall in red paint?
what is the topic of the notes?
what does it say in green writing?
what is the first word written here?
how much alcohol does calif. wine contain?
what kind of regenerateur?
what is the last word on this sign?
what is the name written on the board?
what initials are written in the top left corner?
who signed the board?
what does the sign say?
is that sign written well?
how much to they have to donate?
is this an equation?
what is the word in green on the top of the whiteboard?
what needs to change according to the whiteboard?
what is listed on the y axis?
what does rts stand for?
what email is written at the bottom?
what year is on the whiteboard?
what is the height of the shape?
what is the width of the shape?
what kind of quadratic egn is there?
what kind of connection is being discussed?
what is the email shown on the left?
what team is winning?
what are the teams consist of?
what is the password?
what number is added at the end of this equation?
what are the numbers written in blue?
the time on the picture is?
what equals 7?
what unit of measurement is used?
is it english or a differnt language?
what is the character on the boat saying?
is there any text other than what's written in green?
what are the last three words at the bottom of the page?
what is the first word in black?
who is in the middle circle?
what does the bottom most circle read?
can you be able to understand the writing?
what is the word over to the left of the list by itself?
what is labeled as 2.0 on the top left?
what is the first word on the left?
what kind of party is being planned on the board?
what type of squash are they having?
who should go?
what is the topic on the whiteboard?
what is the second question posted under the title of what can i buy/sell with it?
what protocol is mentioned?
what is the first word on the upper left?
should the white board be erased?
what is ray's last name?
what room is shown for the phone number?
what word is written here?
what word is written in the blue boxes?
what is the 3 letter word in green top left?
what kind of wishes is this written with?
what function does the formula represent?
what is the fucntion below the divider?
what does the drawing depict?
what does the cartoon bear have written on his chest?
how much voltage is there?
is denise the top leader?
we are what, according to the upper left corner?
what is the first word of the third column?
what word is in half a box on the bottom right just to the left of the red pen?
what's question number 3?
what is listed as number 4?
what is the twitter handle for the beagle project?
what website is advertised second?
what will the rebel trooper be wearing?
what style writing is on the board?
what number is sister equal to?
is the text on the board in english?
what month and year is mentioned at the bottom?
when is the spelling paper due?
what is the word written in red under the exclamation mark on the left?
what color ink are the letters in ?
what is the subject of the text on the right?
what is the topic of the notes?
is the language written on the board english?
what is the title of the first section on the white board?
what is the title of the second section on the white board?
what happens when you get to the center of the flow chart?
what is in the middle of the paper?
what is the focal point of the brainstorming process?
what word is above "costs?"?
what word is written under 'save'?
what word is given a star?
what kind of form do they need to do?
what does the battleship represent, written in green?
what is written in the sun?
who is sarah with?
what language is this in?
what color is the first letter of each sentence?
what is the name of the citites?
what is the message about?
what does it want to reclaim?
what does it lower?
what is the first word on the left in the top section of the white board?
what is the last sticking note on the bottom say?
what does sign say on the back wall?
what is the rank of brugal ?
what brand is pictured?
what is the name of the area that the man on the left is sitting in?
what does the guys shirt say?
what is the first word on the sign at the top of the picture?
what brand of drink is this?
what is the name of the company?
what is panorama kitchens telephone number?
what is the name of the brewery?
what is the volume of this bottle?
what is the beverage called?
what brand of beer is this?
what brand of soda is seen?
when was lillet established?
what brand of drink is that?
who took the picture?
what is the name on the wine glass?
what is the brand of the beer?
how many millilitres are in muscadet sevre et maine?
what kind of fish is on the label?
is this cederbrew?
what name is mentioned on the wine bottle?
what kind of beer is this?
what is the written below the grolsch logo?
what brand of alcohol is it?
what kind of alcohol is shown?
what kind of drink is that?
what word is to the left of the brown leaf on the label?
what kind of wine is this?
what is the name of the wine on the far right?
whats the year on the can?
what kind of wine is it?
what is the third beer on the left called?
what does the big white container say?
what is the name of the beer?
what is the brand name of the beer with the oval-shaped sticker?
what wine is that?
what year is on this wine?
what kind of beer is this?
what brand of beer is this?
is a pilsner a beer?
what year was this brand of ale founded?
what brand of wine is it?
what is the name of one of the drinks offered?
what type of drink is in the yellow label bottle?
what two words are written in the largest letters on this glass?
what year is this wine?
what brand is the wine?
what is in the bottle?
what is the name of the bottle?
how long ago did the type of beverage get distributed?
what year does the bottle say it is?
what brand is this wine?
what year is the wine?
what is the price of the bottles with a gold label?
where are the de martino wine grapes grown?
what brand is this?
what does this ad want you to share?
what is the name on the bottle in the advertisement?
what does the text say on the bottle?
what name is displayed on her name tag?
what name is on the certificate?
what  is on her shirt?
what year is this wine from?
what year was the wine bottled?
what is the name of this wine?
what flavor of wine is this?
i wonder what kind of beer that is?
what is the year?
what kind of wine is this?
what year was this made?
what is printed on the slim black label at the top of the wine bottle on the left?
whats the brand of the second bottle on the left?
what brand of drink is that?
who makes this drink?
what is in the bottle?
how many years is the bottle aged?
what brand of alcohol is that?
what is the brand of this drink?
what year is inscribed on that bottle?
what year is this wine from?
is this a merlot?
when was the wine bottled?
what date is shown on this bottle?
what vineyard did this come from?
what is the name of the wine on the right?
what is the name of the wine on the left? it is printed above the word "salento"?
brand name of this beer?
one fles equals what?
what is the name of this drink?
when were both these wines bottled?
what kind of wine is on the right?
what is the name on the bottle?
what is the name of the wine?
what is the date on the wine/?
what specific number does the wine mention?
who makes the,"fat dog" flavored beer?
what type of animal is pictured on the bottle?
what number is on the complete circle?
what is the name of this restaurant?
what type of drink is in the bottle?
what is this drink?
what brand of champagne is this?
what year was the wine made?
who makes this drink?
what is the name of this wine in red?
what year is the bottle in the middle?
what kind of drink is the bottle second from the right?
what year was this wine made?
the smallest bottle of wine is what brand?
what year was the small bottle of wine produced?
what's the ale's alcohol percentage?
what is the name of the ale?
what is the web address on the cup?
what is the word underneath the nearest red drink?
what kind of wines are these?
from which us state those wines come from ?
what brand of drink is it?
how many ml are in this can?
what number is on his nametag?
what is the name on the building behind?
what year is this drink?
what is the brand of drink?
what is in the cup?
how many fluid ounces of 7-up were in each bottle?
what brand of soda is this?
what year is the tigneallo wine?
what kind of drink is in the near clear bottle?
what volume of back river gin does the bottle on the right hold?
what is the drink in the bottle?
what type of wines are being advertised?
what does it beat?
what brand of knives are those?
what kind of beer is this?
what is the year of the bottle?
how many milliliters is this bottle?
what type of wine is in the bottle?
what is the brand name?
what soda is on the table?
what country was this bottled in?
what is the production year of this bottle of wine?
what brand of wine is this?
what kind of ice cream is in the container?
what year was this beverage bottled?
how many milliliters is this bottle?
what's the name of this wine?
what could be next?
what type of wine is in the bottle with the purple label?
what brand name is this wine?
which brewery made this drink?
what kind of brew is this beer?
what brand is that?
what type of ale does this box claim to be?
what is the brand of this ale?
when was this wine made?
what kind of "bottled" is this?
what brand is this?
what type sparkling wine is this? it is printed above the name "a. margaine" on the label?
how old is the fitzgerald?
what is the name of this beverage?
what is the year written on the wine bottle?
what is the name of the bottle of wine?
what is the name of this wine?
what type of wine is this?
what state is this beer from?
is notch beer a pilser?
what is the brand of beer?
what is the name of the wine?
where is this a product of?
what's the brand of the orange bottle?
what kind of ale is this?
what is the bottle on the right?
what fruit is used in the brewing of this beer?
what is the name of the beer?
what is the brand name of the beer in the front?
what are the first 2 words on the wine bottle?
what is the name of the wine second to the right?
where does the label say the wine is from?
what number is shown on the label?
who made this bottle of wine?
what is the beer called?
how many ml of pale ale are in the bottle?
what is the brand of wine on the far left?
in what year was the left bottle made?
what why of vinegar?
what is the fruit word written in gold?
what brand of alcohol is this?
whtas in the glass?
what brand of white zinfandel is on the board?
what wine is from italy?
who made this wine?
what kind of wine is this?
what year is the wine to the left?
what is the brand name?
what kind of wine is in the bottle on the far right?
are all the bottles trimbach?
what is the price of the bottle with the blue label?
what does the second bottle from the left direct someone to do?
what brand is the one in the middle?
what is the liquor called that porto nieport makes?
in what year was this wine bottled?
what brand is the wine pictured here?
what brand is the furthest left bottle of wine?
what is the brand of wine with red packaging?
what type of drinks are for sale?
does the sign say cocktails under the martini drink?
what type of water is it?
whats the brand on the green bottle?
what year is this bottle?
what is the name of this drink?
what is the alcohol percentage?
what kind of wine is being served?
what is the name of the wine being served?
what brand is it?
what kind of alcohol is this on the shelf?
what year is on the label on the far right?
what brand of beer is this?
what does the coaster say?
what vintage year is the wine?
what is the name of the wine=?
what kind of wine is on the poster?
where does this wine originate?
what brand is this wine?
what is the bottle on the left?
what is the brand of the wine on the left?
what year was this wine made?
what brand of wine is this?
what kind of sparkling water is it?
what year is this wine from?
what is the name of the whiskey company?
what country is this whiskey from?
what is the brand name of the wines on display?
what type of coke product is shown?
what college is featured on the man's shirt?
what is ucla's mascot?
what year is this wine from?
what is the name of this wine?
in which year was this wine bottled?
what type of wine is this?
is this a chef's manual?
what is the bottle?
what color is advertised?
what's the name of this wine brand?
what year was this wine made?
how many years old is this wine?
what is the name of the drink?
what type of beverage is in the bottles?
what is the left brand of alcohol?
what is the name of this beverage?
what is the year of the bottle in the middle with the red ribbon across the middle?
what is the name of the wine on the left?
what is the brand name of the alcohol?
what is the number on the top of the bottle that is in the middle?
what is the number before the % symbol?
which kind of food product is contained in these bottles?
what flavor is in the bottle on the left?
what year was the company founded?
what is the brewing company of this ipa?
what year was the business established?
what is the brand of beer in the can?
is the beer organic?
whats the brand of beer inside these bottles?
which drink is 10.27%?
how many times is the drink malted?
what year was this wine made?
what grade of quality is this product?
what beverage is in the can?
what continent is mentioned in the web address?
what type of wine is this?
what is the name of this brand of wine?
where is being held?
what number and letter combo is in the orange box?
what estate is this wine from?
what kind of wine is it?
what year is this wine?
what is the brand of the wooden barrel?
what year wine is this?
what is one of the brands of wine/champagne?
what year is the right drink from?
what kind of champagne is that?
what letter is closest to the top of the bottles?
what letter is in yellow?
what kind of beer is it?
what brand of beer is on tap?
what brand do these bottles of wine all share?
what year was the far left bottle made in?
what type of beer is packaged in the bottles on both ends?
what is the name of the beer that is 6th from the right?
what brand is the wine?
what is the date on the bottle?
what is the scent of the candle?
what is the brand name shown on the item?
what is the brand of the drink?
where is the vodka from?
what brand is this?
is this the oldest?
what saint is on the bottle?
what is the brand on the bottle?
what year was this bottle of wine made?
what type of alcohol is this?
what brand of whiskey to the far left?
what is the brand of beer?
what type of alcohol is in the bottle?
what is the year on the bottle?
what year is on the bottle?
what brand is seen here?
 where was this product manufactured?
what letter is predominant on the bottle?
what brand is this beer?
what brand is that?
according to the bottle it is very special what?
what is the name of this cider?
what is the brand of alcohol?
what bill is on top?
what is the letter on the bottle?
what type of wine is this?
what letter is elaborately decorated at the center of this wine label?
what is the name on this bottle?
where was it made?
what is the name of the third wine from the left?
what state is mentioned in the brand name of the alcohol?
what name is on the drinking glass?
what is the name of this basket?
what brand of beer is in the basket?
what spice is shown on the purple tag?
what is the first word on the black and red label?
what is the name on one of the bottles?
what is the bottle second from right on the middle shelf say?
what kind of alcohol does tyrrell's sell?
what brand is this wine?
what type of beverage is in the bottle?
what number is this?
what type of alcohol is shown?
what is the brand name of the gin?
what is the brand of wine ?
is this a brandy?
what brand of whiskey is on the table?
what brand is displayed on the bottle second from the left?
what is the brand of wine?
what year is the wine?
what is the brand of beer?
what type of beer is in the bottle with the yellow dot on the neck?
what is the name of the winery?
what is the year on this wine?
what is the brand name of this vodka?
what year was this alcohol made?
what brand of wine is this?
what year was this wine made?
what brand of wine is this?
what brand of beer is this?
what type of wine is this?
what year was the wine bottled?
what country can be seen on the bottle?
what brand is the wine?
what year is on the wine bottle?
what is the word in red text at the bottom of the page?
when was the glenlivet established?
what type of scotch whiskey in this?
what brand is this wine?
what kind of liquor is glennfiddich?
how many years old is the beverage on the left?
what number are the orange bottles on the left?
what is that beer called?
what name is shown on this bottle?
does the manufacturer of haywards 5000 beer consider it strong or super strong?
is this the original?
what year was conde noble made?
what is the year of the bottle?
what is the year of this drink?
is this a pinot?
what kind of wine is being served?
what brand is the left beer?
how many pints in the red labeled bottle?
what is the name of this wine?
what kind of wine is this?
what is the brand of gin?
what type of alcohol?
what famous brand of reserve liquor is shown?
how long is this whiskey been aged?
what key ingredient was used to brew this beer?
whats the brand on the bottle?
what brand is this wine?
what year was it bottled?
what is the name of this wine?
what year was the wine made?
what is the vintage of the bottle second from the right?
how many ounces is this beer?
what country is this beer from?
what kind of beer is this?
how many fl oz are in this bottle?
what brand of beer is this?
what kind of wine does the label say it is in the wine bottle?
in what year was this wine bottled?
what is the name of this wine?
what brand of vodka is in the top right?
what is the year this wine was bottled?
what brand is the wine?
what brand of wine?
what time does the clock say it is?
what does the sign say to do?
how much do the two on the left cost?
what year was this wine made?
what colour is the wine bottle top?
what is the drink made of according to the label?
what is the heading of the last column on the paper?
what is the name of the drink?
what brand of soda is sitting on the table?
what kind of beer is this?
what is the name of this bar?
what is the 2nd tip?
who is the manufacturer of this wine?
what is the drinks brand name?
is this 100% lambic?
what is the name of the seasoning?
what is the % number?
what kind of wine is this?
how much can this container hold?
what is the brand on the second to right bottle?
what number is on the bottle closest to the right?
what kind of wine is this?
whats the brand of this wine?
what year is this wine?
what is the brand of wine?
what is name of this fairtrade honey ale?
what is the name of this ale?
are those wine bottles?
what is the year on the left most bottle?
how many ounces is this drink?
what type of ale is this?
what is the brand of the wine on the right?
what year is the pinot nior on the left?
what name is on the left hand bottle?
what brand is the champagne?
what is in the bottle?
what is the brand of the product?
where is this alcohol from?
what is the name of the drink?
what brand is featured?
what year is this bottle?
what flavor of wine is this?
what is the last number of the bar code?
what is the name of the brewing company?
what type of beer is this on the left underlined?
what is the name of the brand represented?
is this a bottle of guinness?
what brand of beer is this?
what year was the wine made?
what brand of wine?
what color is the word "boal" on the third bottle from the left?
are there any red wine in the set ?
what is the name of the white wine?
what kind of wine is this?
what year was the wine made?
what type of drink is inside this bottle?
what year was this drink made?
when was this brand established?
what is in the bottles?
name of this wine?
what kind of wine?
what brand are the three middle bottles?
what state was this champagne made in?
what is the brand of champagne?
what brand of wine is that?
chablis in this photo is from the year?
what brand is the lager?
what year is listed on the can under liverpool?
what is the year of the wine?
what wine is this?
what brand is the beer on the left?
what is the brand of beer in the middle?
what wine is the one on the right?
what is the brand of the wine on the third bottle from the left?
what is in the bottle?
what year was this bottled?
what year is the wine?
what brand of wine is this?
how old is the youngest whisky bottle?
what are the first three letters on the bottom word?
what is written after rotwein?
what is the year of this wine?
what percent alcohol?
is this 100%?
what brand of drink is this?
what year is labeled on a sticker on this bottle?
what brand is on the label?
what type of drink is the drink to the far left?
what kind of drink is the green one on the left?
what type of beer is this?
what percent is mentioned on the bottle?
what brand does the sign on the right advertise?
what year are these bottles?
what year is this?
what brand of lemon garlic jerky is shown?
what flavor of jerky is shown?
what style of alcohol is displayed here?
in what country was the large bottle made?
is this from cultivate la?
in what year did the brewery begin?
what is the color written on the bottles?
what is in the bottle?
what year is on the label?
what is the brand of the first bottle?
what is included in the cup?
what kind of whisky is this?
is this liquor?
what kind of beer is this?
what brand of beer is it?
is there a bottle of bacardi on there?
what is after meyer's?
is the drink cold?
where was this bottled at?
is the wine organic?
what is the name of the drink in the bottles with the green labels on them?
what is the brand of the wine with the yellow flowers?
what is inside of this bottle?
when was this wine made?
how many liters are in the bottle?
what's the name of the wine with the red label?
what year is the wine?
what wine is that on the right?
what wine is second to the right?
what are the years on the bottle?
what kind of wine is this?
is this wine?
when should the drink be consumed?
what meal is listed on the bottle?
what type of wine is silver oak?
what is the name of this brand of wine?
who made this brand of wine?
what kind of ale is it?
what year is mentioned on the bottle?
are these natural or synthetic?
who is the wine by?
what year did joe make this wine?
what brand is on this bottle?
what is the brand of ale?
what brand is this wine?
what brand is the middle beer?
what number of wine is the lacerta cuvee?
is domaine berthet rayne a french wine?
what's the alcohol content in the middle bottle?
what is the brand on the bottle on the right hand side?
what year is the first bottle on the left?
what brand is in gold letters?
what is the title of this drink?
who makes the whisky in the white box?
what are the first four letters on the upper case?
what is the name of this wine?
what brand of beer is in the bottle?
what company makes both these beverages?
what flavor is the soda on the left?
what type of beer is shown?
pure blonder?
what year is the beverage from?
what year is the wine?
what type of gourmet?
what is the brand of the bottles?
where was this bottle made in?
what year is the beverage?
what revolution is mentioned?
what does the poster ask us to do?
what kind of liquor is this?
what type of liquor is the red bottle?
what website can a consumer visit to learn more?
what percent alcohol is this wine?
what is in the bottles?
does the bottle to the left's name start with jule?
what kind of book is this?
how many ways to cook?
how many years was this bottle  of alcohol aged?
what is the number written on the bottle?
who made the wine?
what brand is his shirt?
what type of alcohol is inside the bottles?
what champagne is on the right?
who makes this sweet tea vodka?
what kind of soda are they drinking?
what is the two numbers in the white circle?
what year was this champagne bottled?
what is the brand of this bottle?
how number is the pink drink on the bottom?
what number is the herb tea?
what is the name of this wine?
what is the alc. vol.?
what is the name of this beer?
what is the name of pesticide?
what is the website of this brand?
what is the beer that is named after a fish?
what is the first letter in the red text of the bottle in the center?
what does this label say?
who's birthday is it?
what is the name of this wine?
what brand is the beer in the green bottle?
what is the brand of this wine?
what is the brand of the bottle on the middle?
how many ounces is the bottle?
what brand of bottle?
what is the name of the beer?
when is the date below the barcode?
what name is on the place card?
what whisky is that?
are they drinking black label alcohol?
what is the title on the dry erase board?
what type of liquid is in all of these bottles?
what type of beer is this?
what is the volume of the bottle?
what name do we see on the bottle?
what's the year on the middle bottle?  bottom right of the label?
who made the wine on the bottle?
what is the first letter of the name of the wine?
what type of bitters is this an advertisement for?
what does this provide stimulation without?
what brand is this beverage?
in what country was this bottled?
what year were these bottled drinks made?
what type of wine is this?
in what year was this wine made?
what is the brand of the wine?
is all of that wine?
what ind of beer is this?
what year was this beer made?
how many malt is this scotch whiskey?
what brand are these drinks made by?
what year is the left-most bottle from?
what year is this wine?
what kind of water is in the bottles?
what is bath ales' description of their drink called gem?
what is the type of wine?
is that a bottle of leona in that pile?
what does the bottle with the green label say?
what year was this wine made?
what is the drink name?
what is the alcohol percentage per volume?
what are those bottles?
what year were those bottled?
what is the year for the first listed beer?
what is the title of the book?
what kind of beer is that?
what meal do these beers go with?
what year is the right bottle from?
what is the date on the wood in the bottom right?
what word is in parentheses on the lable?
what year is shown?
what three letter company makes these drinks?
what is the name of the brewing company of the middle bottle?
what is the company on the front of the bottle and glass?
what date does the pear drink have?
what fruit is in the drink on the right?
where is this ale imported from?
what is the name of the of the adult beverage?
what brand of alcohol is this?
what is the year of this wine?
what brand name is on the bottle on the left?
is tempus two a light or dark alcohol flavor?
where is tempus two made?
what type of wine is this?
what year was this wine made?
what brand of gin is this?
what is the name of the wine?
what is the brand?
what year was this wine made?
what brand is the bottle on the right?
what is the upc code?
what label is this "johnnie walker"?
what soda brand is printed on the can?
what is the name of the brand of the alcohol bottles to the left?
does the bottle second from the right mention excellence?
what is in the bottle?
what brand of alcohol is it?
what is in the middle bottle?
what is the brand of the middle bottle?
who makes this whisky?
is alcohol on inside the bottle ?
is gruner veltliner a beer?
what brand is the canned drink on the table?
what type of drink does the bottle say?
what type of beer is this?
is that an english beer?
what year was this red wine made?
what is the name on the green bottle?
how should the drink in the green bottle be served?
what type of powder is on top of the sugar packet?
what is the drink's brand?
what brand is the bottle of wine?
what year is on this wine bottle?
what is the name of this wine specifically?
how many liters is the bottle?
where was this wine bottled at?
what kind of wine is this?
what year is the wine?
what year is listed?
is this trail outside?
what bin did the wine come from?
what brand of wine?
what is the name of the winery?
what is the name of the wine?
what year has this wine aged from?
what is the name of the wine?
what brand of bottle is the first bottle on the back row?
what is the beer on the left?
what is the name of the beer?
where does this wine come from, according to the yellow strip on the label?
is this a bottle of crabbies?
what is the name of this drink?
what is the name of the beer?
how many milliliters is in this container?
is this bitter?
these are signature what?
what brand of water is in the bottom second from the left?
what is the name of the wine?
what is the alcohol percentage?
what is this beer name, both on the bottle and the glass?
what kind of ketchup?
what is the right mug name?
what is the beer called at the bottom?
how many varieties are there of the product in the top left area?
what is the name of the wine?
which nation is the bottled drink made in?
what kind if beer is this?
what is the name of brewery that manufactures this beer?
what number is on the label on the second bottle on the left?
what number is on the label on the third bottle on the left?
what kind of ale is in the glass?
what brand is the ale?
what type of peppers are these?
what is the brand of the beverage?
what brand of wine?
where is the taybeh winery located?
why talk about what?
what brand of beer is this?
what brand of wine is this?
when was royal rose established?
what year is the medal from?
what is brand of front, center bottle?
what is the name of the beer on the far left?
what is the name on the middle label?
what word comes after estate?
what are the two words printed in the largest font?
what is the name of this sauvignon?
what is the name of one of the brands?
where is avery microbrewed?
what's the brand of wine?
what series of wine is this?
what kind of wine in the green bottles?
what year is the wine?
what kind of beer is this?
what company brewed this beer?
what is the brand of this wine?
what brand is the wine?
what year is the bottle?
what type of wine is this?
what kind of stout is this beverage?
how much irish?
what year was this made?
what is the brand?
is this a 2004 bottle?
what brand is the wine?
in one of these newspaper articles, how did someone honor their father?
who is the person honoring her father?
what brand of wine is this?
what word is in the white box at the bottom of the label of the bottle?
what is the name of the drink?
who's name is on this wine?
what does the ice box say?
what brand is on the ice box?
is this from france?
what brand of drink is this?
what kind of wine is in the bottle?
what brand is advertised on this boat?
what year is on the bottle?
what kind of ale is this?
what meeting is this?
when is the best time to plant a tree?
what is the wine's alcohol percentage?
what year is this bottle?
what kind of beer is this?
how was this beer crafted?
what type of liquor is in these bottles?
what is date on the beer bottle to the left?
how should you serve the fino?
what is the name of the bottle on the left?
what is the name of the wine pictured?
what year is on the wine bottle?
what is the wine brand?
what kind of wine is in the right hand bottle?
what type of wine is pictured?
what year was the wine made?
does this bottle say whether or not it's vintage?
in what continent is jacques delors institute located?
what does the text below the logo say on the cup?
what year is this wine?
what is the name of the wine?
what year was this made?
what word is in large blue letters?
what style of wine is the bottled filled with?
what year is on the wine label?
which brewery makes the wolf rock beverage?
what kind of ipa is it?
what kind of alcohol is this?
what year is the drink from?
what year is on the bottle?
who makes this wine?
what year was this wine made?
who was this wine bottled by?
what brand of alcohol is in the box on the left?
what winery made this wine?
which country is the winery in?
in what year was the wine on the right made?
what year was the wine on the left made?
what brand wine is this?
what year was the wine made?
what is the company that makes this wine?
what year was the wine made?
what's the name of the drink?
what kind of mix is this?
what is the brand of alcohol that is being featured?
what is the year of the green bottle?
where was this beverage made?
what is the brand name of the beer?
what brand of wine is on the table?
what year is the alcoholic beverage?
what kind of ale is this?
is tank farmhouse ale an ipa?
what is the name of the drink?
how many ounces is the drink?
what is the price?
what year is this bottle from?
what club is this from?
what brand of alcohol is this?
what kind of wine is the label of?
what year is this wine?
what state was this beverage bottled?
what type of wine is shown?
what is the brand of this wine?
what kind of wine is in the bottle?
what kind if wine is this?
what is the brand name of the wine?
in what year was this wine made?
what is the name of the wine?
how much is it?
what costs $7.99?
what is the brand name?
what is the name of the beverage?
what is the name of the soda water brand?
what word is on the poster?
what is one of the letters seen on the yellow sign in the back?
what year was the second bottle from the right bottled?
when was this wine made?
what type of wine is this?
what is the brand of wine here?
what wine category is written on the board?
what word is visible on the wine closest to the camera?
what percentage of this is carignane?
is this bottle from 2004?
what is this wine?
from which city is this wine?
what brand of gin is this?
what kind of alcohol is this?
what country is on the wine label?
what country is this spirit from?
who makes this brand of wine?
what is this flavor of wine?
what year was this wine made?
what is this brand of wine?
what does the bottle say?
who makes that alcohol?
what kind of alcoholic beverage is in the bottle?
who makes both these bottles?
what year are the bottles?
what is the name of the "pinot noir" priced at 13.99?
what is the brand of pinot noir priced at $11.49?
what brand of beer is the red handle for?
what flavor is the ukrainian vodka?
who makes that wine?
what does it say on the black sticker?
what sport do they offer ?
what flavor is the drink?
what type of wine is this?
is there a red x on the bottle?
is this red or white wine?
what's the brand of the whiskey in the short bottle with a white label?
what is the name of the alcohol in the bottle with a red label?
what is in the bottle?
what kind of wine is this?
what is the brand of red bottle?
what is the name of the wine?
which company made the beer?
what type of drink is this?
what brand is this?
what year was this bottled>?
what year was the beverage made?
what brand is the bowling pin?
what year is the wine?
what year is this wine?
what is the name of this wine?
what animal is part of the brand of the second bottle from the left?
who wrote this?
what are the three letters on the bottle on the far left?
what brand of champagne is this?
what kind of wine is this?
what is the year of the wine?
who makes the hazelnut flavored syrup?
what is inside these bottles?
is this a french wine?
what is the name on the cork wrapping?
what one of the bottles say?
what city is young's ale from?
what does the year say?
what is the name on the bottle?
what type of liquor is in the short, black bottle?
name this bottle?
what year was this wine bottled?
what is the name of the vineyard?
what name is in green on the bottle?
from what island is the wine?
what is the brand of alcohol on the far left?
what number is on the bottle between the baileys and sibona bottles?
was lievantu 2007 really produced in 2007?
what agriculture cooperative does the bottle belong to?
what blend of beer is this?
name of the beer?
what brand of drink is in the closest bottle?
what type of beer is this?
what kind of ale is this?
how many ounces are in this?
what year was the clos du roy made?
what word is in pink on the green cloth?
what type of beer is this?
this is a sweet vanilla what?
what kind of wine can i find here?
what is the brand of cheese?
what hazelnut spread brand is on the table?
what is the name of this wine?
when was this wine made?
how many ml can this hold?
what is the name of this drink?
what is the name of this magazine?
what year is this from?
what type of wine is pictured?
what country did the wine come from?
what year are these wines from?
how long has this brand of grape soda been around?
how many cl is this drink?
what is the brand of this?
what is the brand name on the bottle?
what year was the company established?
what kind of juice is this person buying?
what letter is on the bottle?
what number does it say on the bottle?
what is the name of this wine?
where was this wine bottled?
what year was it bottled?
what year was the first bottle on the left distilled?
what is the firms name?
what company took this photograph?
what country is the brut from?
what kind of wine is this?
what is the brand of beverage?
what is the name of the middle row wine?
what sega grand prix race year does this bottle of champagne celebrate?
what is the name of the beverage?
what kind of wine is this?
faiveley red wine?
what number is on the sandwich?
who makes the chardonnay?
what kind of wine is this?
what year was it bottled?
what is the name of the wine?
who produced the wine?
what quality is the harvest from this bottle?
what is the name of the beer?
what kind of beer is on tap?
what brand is this wine?
how old is this bottle?
what brand of wine is this?
what year is the bottle in the middle?
what brand is written on the bottle on the right?
how long is this whiskey aged?
what brand of ale is this?
what year was this ale bottled?
what type of wine is that ?
what percent of alcohol is in this?
what type of drink is that?
what is the brand of wine?
what is the name of the beer?
what kind of wine is this?
what number is behind the wine?
what is written on the end of these barrels?
what happens if you break something?
what is the brand displayed in the wine's bottle?
what type of wine is this?
what style of beer is this?
what brand of cigarettes are on the table?
what's the blue bottle?
what does it say on the beer bottles?
what words are on the wine bottle?
what is the name of this wine?
what is the name of this wine?
what is the year on the label?
what year is this bottle of wine?
where was this wine made?
what kind of beer is this?
what is the yellow bottle called?
are these different kinds of whiskeys?
what is the oldest year of whiskey?
what type of drink is this?
is this double-wide?
what type of beer is this?
what number is shown in white text on a red background on the bottle with the green and yellow label?
what drinks are those?
how old is the bottom left bottle?
what year is the wine?
what number is on the bottom left corner of the label?
what is the price of the wine?
how much percentage off is shown?
how many bottles are in the left box?
what market is mentioned on the box?
what brand is the bottle?
what is inside this bottle?
what is the bottom word on the list?
what year is the left wine?
what year was nieto made?
who should this coke be shared with?
what is the hashtag?
what is the vintage of the wine?
what type of wine is this?
what brandi s the wine?
what is written on the white container on the left?
what type of beer is in the bottle on the left?
what brand is the beer on the right?
what is the name of the blue labeled bottle?
what type of berry is mentioned on the red bottle?
what is the brand of this wine?
what brand of wine is in the bottle on the bottom right?
what does the robot say on the bottle?
what's the brand of beer on the far right?
what is the brand of the left beer?
what brand is the bottle with the green label?
what flavor is the schweppes?
what is the name of this wine?
when was this wine made?
what year is the wine?
what is the brand of the wine?
what type of wine is this?
what year was this wine made?
what is the name of this brand of wine?
how natural is the beverage?
what brand is the beverage?
what is the name of this drink?
what is the beer brand on the right?
what brand is the alcohol?
what number is on the bottle?
what particular type of whiskey is this?
what brand is this?
what is the name of the beer?
what is at the top of the label?
what is the year of the beverage?
who made this wine?
is this delamotte?
what kind of alcohol is this?
what holiday is mentioned on the bottle?
what is the beverage year?
what kind of wine is this?
what year is the wine?
who made this wine?
what country does this wine come from?
is this a bottle of wine ?
what type of beverage is this?
who produced this drink?
what is the name of the first beer from the left?
what is the name of the beer on the far right?
what type of wine is this?
where does the wine come from?
is chanti american?
is this a firenze bottle?
what year is on this bottle of win?
what is the brand on this bottle?
when was this wine made?
what year did tramin start?
this is win and drinks?
what type of drink is this?
what kind of wine is this?
what year is on the bottle?
what brewing company made this?
what type of brewing is it?
is this mother's potion?
what is the first letter of the name of the bottle on the left?
what language is the wine label in?
what is the name of this wine?
what number is on the label of that beer?
what is the brand name?
what is the name of the beer?
what brand is this?
what brand is the beer with the yellow label?
what brand does the green tray advertise?
what brand is this drink?
is this a can of lipton tea?
what country is this wine from?
when was this wine produced?
what planet name is on the bottle of maltage in the second row?
what number is on the bottle of nikka pure malt whisky?
what type of wine is on the bottle furthest right?
what is the volume of this glass?
what brand is on the glass?
which wine is on the right?
which wine is on the left?
is this a pinot noir?
what year was it bottled?
what kind of wine is this?
what is the first name of the person on the left?
carlos lopez blanco?
what type of alcohol is in the bottle on the front-right?
for how many years is the drink in the right barreled?
what's the name of the brewery that produced the ale?
what is the brand of alcohol shown?
what is the top word of the yellow words?
how old is this scotch?
whats the scotchtype?
what kind of beer is the brand on the left?
what is the name of the beer company?
what year was this wine bottled in?
what does the top label say?
what beer is featured on this bar?
what brand of beer has the bright red emblem on a green bottle?
what is the brand of wine?
what type of wine is this?
is there a twiiter i can go to for information?
can you also instagram tonights memories?
what kind of whiskey is this?
what type of malt is this?
what is the year of the wine?
what country was it made it?
how much is that drink?
what is the brand name of this drink?
what is the name of this orange-flavored liqueur?
what is inside the bottle?
what is inside of these bottles?
what is the fruit on the clear bottle with the yellow sticker?
what do you do to smell?
what is the alcohol content of this wine?
what is the name of the beverage in the green bottle?
what type of liquor is in the clear bottle?
what drink is in the can on the right?
what brand of whisky is being shown?
what is written on the symbol in the orange square?
is this in a foreign language?
what year was the amazir made in?
what is the name of this alcohol?
how many "jaar werk" equals "1 fles?"?
what brand of wine is shown here?
what type of water is it?
who makes this brand of beer?
what kind of pack is the cardboard box for?
what brand is labeled on the jar?
what is the name of the brewery?
how long was this whiskey aged?
what kind is it?
what can they not live without?
who said this quote?
what is the year on the second to the left bottle?
what is the brand of the wine?
what is the name of this wine?
what name is at the top of the label on the bottle?
what animal is named on the logo?
is kellerweis a beer from germany?
what's the name on the bottle?
what does it say on the green bottle labels?
what country is the rum from?
what is the name of the vinyard?
when was this made?
what is the name for this wine?
what country was this wine made in?
what kind of test is this?
what is the name of the coffee?
what is the alcoholic content of the middle bottle?
when was the front bottle made?
what word is at the bottom of the flyer?
where is this place located?
what is the maximum fine?
who makes the yogurt in the red cup?
what is visible on the green microphone?
what is the name of the beer?
who makes this wine?
is the water natural?
what is the brand of the beverage written in the red area?
what is the brand name?
how much does that bottle hold?
how many fluid ounces is in this bottle?
does their slogan say they are the "golden ale"?
what beer is on the left?
what shade no. is the orange polish?
how many different colors of nail polish are there?
what percent is the bottle?
what is the serving size of this bottle?
what kind of soda is it?
what is the word starting with a "w" on the bottle?
what is the word which forms of the title on the red box on the wayer bottle?
is there a box of tiptip in the stack?
what kind of powder is it?
what brand is the candle?
what brewery did it come from?
what is the name of the soda?
what number is in red?
what year is on the bottle?
what type of sauce is this?
how many fluid ounces are in the jar?
what is the serial number>?
is this a coffee?
what is the name of the brewing company>?
is there an "ok" button?
what is the letter in red font?
what is written in gold on the nail polish to the right?
what is the first bottle filled with?
what company makes the sauce?
what number is on the wine?
what is the beer farthest left called?
what kind of beverage is this?
where is this drink from?
what is the brand of laptop?
what is the name of the drink the man is holding?
what kind of beer is this?
what type of wine does ubuntu make?
is this an ipa?
what type of beer is in the bottle?
whats the brand of beer in the bottle?
what brand is shown at the far left?
this is a alchocal?
what brand of cigarettes?
what is the brand?
what is the brand?
what is the name of the brand on the bottle?
what was the beer aged with?
is that a medium?
what is the brand of beer in the green bottle?
what is the name of the beverage?
which two letters are on the lower right of the picture?
what kind of release is this?
what brand of beer is this?
what is in the middle vial?
which soda is that on the right?
what letter is on the label?
what is the name of this wine?
whats the name of the beer?
is that a diet drink?
in which country was the bottle on the left manufactured?
what type of drink are they drinking?
what brand of liquor is visible?
what is the brand on the bottle?
what words are repeated on the door?
what is the beer called?
how many ml is the bottle on the far right?
what type of drink is shown?
what does the pink text say?
what brewery is the 6 pack carton from?
what is the price of this champagne?
what is the measurement on the glass?
what fruit flavor is that?
what flavor is in the bottles?
what does it say on the white letter?
what type of fruit is the first word?
what does his shirt say?
how much does this cost?
what is in the box?
what kind of crackers are these?
what type of beer is it?
what brand of beer is this?
what are the first 4 letters on the beer tap?
what type of beer is this?
what are the 3 letters on the second line of his shirt?
what kind of tonic was in the blue bottle?
what country is on the boucher?
what is the beverage on the left side?
what water is that?
is this at a restaurant?
what type of liqueur is it?
what four letter word can clearly be read in the center of this whisky liqueur label?
what is in the bottle?
what is the brand name of the product in the white and blue pail?
what is the name of the orange box on the table?
what is the first number on the bottle in front?
whats the name of the drink?
what is the first sentence on the bottle?
which romal numerals are those?
what brand of water is this?
what kind of cola is shown?
how is this filtered?
what brand of drink is this?
what is the same word on each bottle?
what is the brand of the drink?
what product is in the bottle?
what type of beer is on the yellow label on the right?
what time does this establishment operate?
is this water purefied?
what brand is shown?
what brand is the drink?
what brand shows here?
how many milliliters does this bottle have?
what is brand of ketchup?
what are the numbers after the date?
what date in on the label?
what is the percentage of alcohol in the beer?
what is the street on the right?
is a number seen on the houses?
whats written in the bottom left corner?
what does the red sign on the right say?
what size echo on the red dign?
what is written on the umbrella in the front?
what's the name of the store?
what is the type of place shown in the street indicated by the words written on it?
what is being advertised on the top right?
what is the time displayed on the tv in red?
what is the name of the game on the left?
what brand of keyboard is shown?
what are the large yellow letters on the red background?
what month is it?
what year windows is this?
what operation system is on this computer?
what time does the computer show?
what kind of monitor is it?
what is the website in the corner of this picture?
what color is over "ultra?"?
what red letter is on the badge?
what is the vehicle behind the soldiers id number?
what type of point is mentioned on the boats rear?
what is malta's largest shopping mall?
what kind of motor do they have?
what is the model number printed on the side of the boat?
is this a us navy ship?
what is on the side of the ship?
what is written on the bow?
who took this photo?
what is the number in the bottom left?
what is the shop name?
what shop is this?q?
can anything on the whiteboard be read?
who is the paper issued to?
what is the paper proof of?
what type of video is on the left?
boos are shown?
what is the first thing the store accepts?
on the right of this image, what should you do to your flat panel/?
what text is written in white in the background book?
what number is on the yellow sign on the right?
does that sign say "provost"?
what is this a work in?
what website is printed on the bottom?
what airlines is advertised here?
who created the lego helicopter?
what world is mentioned on the card in front of the lego helicopter?
what are the first two letters of this plane?
what number is the plane?
what acronym is on the plane?
what type of control technology does the plane have?
what is the brand of this plane/?
what is the name in blue on the plane?
what is written under the wing?
what number is the klich jersey?
what is the two digit numbers surrounded by letters?
what is the tag number written on the plane?
what branch is this place with?
what is on the side of the plane?
what is the call number of the helicopter?
what is written on the plane?
what is the number in red on the plane?
what is the name of this drink?
what company makes the drink?
what letters are on the plane near the tail?
what airline company does this plane represent?
what are the numbers on the tail?
what airline name is printed on the plane?
what is the car number?
what is on the tail?
what word does the plane have on its second wing?
what is the plane number?
what kind of file is the tab on bottom right?
what brand is seen on the right monitor?
what operating system is being advertised?
in meeting is going?
what number is between the 2 and 8 on the keyboard's number pad in the picture?
what is the key to the right of the space bar?
is this keyboard illuminated?
what series of keyboards is pictured here?
what letter comes before the numbers on the computer?
determines the file type with what kind of numbers?
what is the brand of beer?
what is the beer brand off to the side?
what does it say under the red symbol?
burnage gmpte northern?
what sea is in the photo?
what video game is advertised on the bottom left?
who is the governor?
what is the ikea slogan?
who's territory is it?
with which german town is salford twinned?
what year where they established?
is this the la crea company?
what does this kfc have?
is this for a motel?
what are the 3 letters beside the heart?
what word is in the far right bottom corner?
what is the destination on the bus marquee?
what is the name of the store?
what is the area code for the smoothie star cafe?
what is the warning word on the sign in the left corner of the fence?
what is the sign for?
partnership for what?
what car company has a tiger as their logo on the billboard?
what is the name of the city up top?
what is the last word in red?
what is the title of the slide being shown?
what person's name is mentioned in the bottom right?
what is the brand of phone shown here?
what does the text say under the brand name?
a few what too many?
what company makes this drink?
was this made in 2007?
does this say nacka on it?
what is one brand shown?
what is the year printed in the left corner bottle?
what numbers are written on the middle bottle?
who is the player seen on the top poster?
what is the brand name of the bottle in the front?
what acronyms are on the glass?
what is the drink called?
what does the picture say to do?
what is the name on the bottle?
what are the two prominent letters on the  label?
the name of what type of wine beginning with the letter c, can be red at the bottom of the red and white label on the neck of the bottle in the center?
was this wine made in 2006?
what kind of beer is it?
what year was the wine made?
does the second bottle say 9/13?
what year is the bottle in the back right?
when was the brand established?
what brand is this?
what brand is that?
this is a full bodied what?
what is the name of the bottle to the very right?
what is the number in red?
whose special tequila is this?
what kind of drink is this?
what is the price of this wine?
what company made the beer?
what is the first word on the bottle?
what percent alcohol is in the ale?
what is the first word printed at the top of this ale?
what brand is the green bottle?
what is the volume of this bottle?
what is the name of the wine?
what is the name of the wine?
what is the year on the wine?
what is the first name on the bottle?
what is the brand on the bottle in the middle?
what type of wine is this?
what is the brand of the bottle in the center?
what is the alcohol volume of this beer?
what brand of alcohol is this?
is this special beer?
what is the name of this alcohol?
what year is on the wine bottle?
what's the name of the bottle on the right?
what number is written on the large wine bottle?
what does the label at the front say?
what is on the purple banner on the yellow cans?
what type of wine is in this bottle according to the label?
what years vintage is this?
what brand are the two wine bottles on the left?
what does it say on the bottom of the label?
from which region is the wine from?
what type of champagne is in the bottle?
what year was the wine made?
what is the 3 letter word in the name on the yellow label?
what year was this wine made?
how many bottles can be seen?
what phrase is under ipa?
what winnery makes  this wine?
what type of sockets is written in blue on the bottom center?
can this be read by a human and machine?
what kind of feedback is the bottom entry seeking?
what does the text say?
not free when?
how many years minimum does the paper say for prison?
what is the title of her presentation?
which computer software is referenced on the bottom right?
what does 10.477 equal?
what is the first word on top left?
is that a fire alarm to the left?
what kind of curve?
what year does it say?
what are the 3 capital letters at the bottom right?
what does the bottom quote say?
what is it that works?
what team is on the man's jersey?
what is the girls jersey number?
whats the number on the black shirt payer?
what letter is on his cap?
what is written on the mans chest?
what is the second number on back of the jersey?
what is the first name of the senator on the sign on the fence?
what does the girl's shirt in the middle say?
what does his shirt say?
is this the major league?
what name is on the player in the dugout?
what do the green letters on the shirt say?
what are the last four numbers of the phone number on the left?
what is the tea shirt plan?
what two letters can be seen on the mans shorts?
who is one of the sponsors on the backdrop?
what clothing brand is worn by the guy on the right?>?
what is the man's name?
what team is the jersey for?
what name is on the middle shirt?
what is name printed in the white tshirt?
where was this picture taken?
what is the mascot of the school the middle racer is representing?
what is the blond ladies racing number?
what is the biggest word printed on the shirt?
why is this person so concerned with children eating?
who's jersey is the kid wearing?
what letter is on the player's hat?
what letters are visible on the black jerseys?
what event is the woman with the microphone excited about?
what letter is written to the right?
is the website ".com" or ".br"?
what beer brand is on the sign in the background?
what team name is written in red letters?
what is the last name of player number 28?
what state name can be seen on the sign behind the man?
what male name is written on the man's shirt?
what is this book suppose to help someone learn?
what is the number of the man standing in the middle?
what state is being played in?
what is the team in the red jersey?
what letter is on the teams cap?
what word is posted just above the top of the fence on the left side?
what is the girl's role in the foundation?
what number is the person on the left?
what letters are on the players chest?
what country is mentioned next to the word trust on the fence?
what is the ad in the back for?
is the speed 30 miles per hour or 30 kilometers per hour?
what is the first word on the t-shirt?
what team does the man play for?
what is the name of this team?
what does the man's sticker say?
what is the players number?
what letters are painted on the grass?
what number is displayed?
what does his hat say?
what is on the blue jumper?
who is the jersey for?
how do you write out the numbers on the jersey in words?
what is the name of the team on the jacket?
what is written in front of all tshirts?
what year was this made?
what is the number on the back of the jersey?
what is the players name?
what is the word in black lettering at the top of the shirt?
what big red letters can you see on a sign next to the man?
what city is this cheerleader from?
what are the first two letters on the shirt?
what kind of corps is this girl representing?
what section will this be in?
what two letters are at the bottom of the mans shirt?
what is the players number?
does it say 3 stars of the game in the top left?
who are the players?
what hotel is his shirt advertising?
what number is on the jersey?
what club is the event at?
what is her name?
what number is on the white jersey in the frame?
what number is visible on the man on the left?
what's the website?
what is the word in red?
is she in junior high school?
what is the last orange letter on the man's shirt?
what is the website address on the steak sign?
what is the title of the blue book?
what number is on the grey sign on the window?
what is a letter on the girl's shirt?
what is the number on the back of the players jersey?
what advertiser is there?
what is written on her shirt?
what does the top bathing suit say?
what letter is on her drink bottle?
what name is written on the man's blue shirt?
what is the top right ad advertising?
what year was this photo taken?
what brand of jersey is this?
who is one of the sponsors on his jersey?
what is the number on the pitcher's shirt?
what type of coverage is advertised in the back on the sign?
what team are the jerseys for?
what number is innis?
what is the women's number?
what is the man race number?
what is the number on the jersey?
what is the brand logo on the shirt?
what color is the text on the baseball player's shirt?
what is the first letter on the man's shirt?
what color are the gloves?
what name brand are the boxing gloves?
what's the name of the resort?
is number 14 on the court?
which brand is on the girl's shirt?
what word is on the front of the shirt?
what is the number of the player furthest away?
what does the white and  red sing on top of the door say?
what is the brand name of this snack?
what letter is on his cap?
what number is on the pitcher's uniform?
whats the letter on the t-shirt of the right?
what is the name above 21?
what letters can you see on the red outfit?
what brand are the runner's shorts?
what number is on the middle player?
what does the patch say?
what does the white shirt say?
what kind of ball is in his hand?
what full word is written on the man's sleeve?
what is the brand of top?
what is the name of the player in the number 6 shirt?
what is the number of the player at bat?
what is the red letter in the center?
what is the number beneath the white number?
is revolution read on the back of the right man's shirt?
what letter is on the baseball cap?
do the players in black play for fatpipe?
what number is on the jersey to the right?
what letter does his team's name end in?
does the man in the yellow vest work for the police?
what's the phone number on the sticker?
what is the pitcher's number?
what number is shown on the shield?
who sponsors the players?
what is the motto written under canada?
what is the name of the park?
what number is on the girls shirt with the ball?
what name for a body of open water is on the blue background behind the dugouts?
what does the shirt say?
what is the word on the flag at the bottom?
what does the white  cheerleaders  blouse say?
which number is visible on the back of the man throwing the ball?
what number is on the mans shirt to the left?
what is written on his shirt?
what company is mentioned in red letters on the sign in the back?
what letters are visible on the side of the woman's shorts?
what word is in the bottom right?
what number is on the womans shorts in white?
what is the 4 digit number written in red?
what is the brand of shirt on the far right?
what does the man's shirt say in large capital letters?
is rewe a soccer team?
what numbers are shown in the top left?
what bowl game is written in red on this jacket?
what is the jersey number of the man in the back right?
what number is on the dark jersey?
which letter of the alphabet is seen twice on the owl?
what team name is on the jerseys?
what is the name that is not crossed out?
what does it say on the team shirt?
what team is the runner on?
does the man in back shirt's say "national:?
what is the copyright year?
what kind of shoes is he wearing?
what is the name on the back of number 18's jersey?
what is the number on the blue jersey?
what are those black letters on the right side near the stands?
what does blue shirt on far right say?
what is the law company's website?
what letters are on the mans hat?
is runner 4 behind runner 2?
what letter is on the front of the girl's shirt?
which team does the player play for?
what is the giant letter to the top left?
what are the three letters visible on the woman's jersey?
what is the players name?
what does it say on the front of the jersey?
what is the name of the book?
what is the name of the sponsor second top from left?
whats the name of the very top left sponsor behind the man on the wall?
what number is on the blue outfit?
what is the name of the team on the shirt?
is this cheerleader in middle school or high school?
whats the team color?
what are the first two letters on the mans cap?
what is the number?
what word is embroidered on the grey hoodie?
what is the word at the top of the whiteboard?
what letter is on the white circle?
what number is the player all the way to the right?
what brand is on the back white wall?
what color is the text on the left girl?
the shorts they're wearing are from where?
what is the jersey number of the player to the left?
what "does everything"?
what single letter is on the fielder's sleeve?
what is the name printed on the red and white striped jersey?
what company makes the shirt she's wearing?
whats the color of the t-shirt?
what college does number 29 play for?
what large letter is on the chest of the woman?
what number is written on the guard's arm?
does the player who's number is on this fans shirt care about this disrespect?
what is the number of the player on the far right?
what does the number 22 mean?
what does the sign say about parking?
are they both fans of the same team?
what school is on the jersey?
what is written on the baseball?
what does it say on the white board they are holding?
what number is the jersey?
what is the website advertised?
what is the name of number 25?
what number is the outfielder?
what do the big blue letters say?
what are the words on the orange sign?
what number is on the runner's jersey?
what color are the letters on the shirts?
what words are written on both of their shirts?
what is written on the top line?
what is the players jersey number?
what is the number of the player in the red jersey?
what color are the letters on the red shirts?
what team is that?
what number is on the jersey?
what two letters are written in black on the right side of the scarf?
what is the year of the garment the man is holding up?
what team is the third guy representing?
how many dots are on the sign at the top of the picture?
what does the top right of the runner's shirt say?
what letters are on the pocket of the blue shirt?
what country is listed on the blue shirt?
what does the shirt say?
what brand is the green shirt?
what is the orange word on her shirt?
what does the banner say?
what is the name of the website streaming this video?
what 2 letters are written in the icon in the bottom right?
what number is the goalie in white?
what is written on the shorts?
which player is wearing glasses?
what game is this man playing?
what letter is on the sleeve on right?
what championship is this man playing in?
what number is the girl on the left shirt?
what sport do these girls play?
what is the first letter of the word on the man's arm?
what is the white word on the mans chest?
what brand is the soccer shirt?
what the team play?
what type of clothing is written on the box?
what word is written on the flags in the back?
who wrote this book?
which page is this?
what language is this in?
what is the books title?
what kind of games are on the front of the podium?
what is the abbreviation on the podium?
who is the author?
what's the title of the last book?
what kind of modern manual is the blue book?
what are the three numbers on the lower left corner?
what does the heading say in bold on the left page near the bottom?
what does the white sing say?
who are the authors of this book?
what platfrom is this book ment to help you with?
what is the word after the read dot?
what month is cited as having an issue out now?
what does the blue label say?
what is the name of the book?
what is the title of this book?
what is the title of this book?
when is the show on the pink poster?
what is the book called?
what kind of wine is this?
what can you download for free?
whats the name of the author on the first picture on top?
what is the first name on the page?
what is the title of this book?
what is the book title?
what shape does the top left word say?
what language is this?
whats the cap number?
what does the header say?
whats on top of the book?
does forkladd gud translate to a god disguised?
which volume is the green book on the right?
which number is on the left of the page?
who is the author of the book?
what other book did he write?
what number is in the red square?
what is the title of the album?
what percentage of alcohol is in the bottle?
is the player putting on a helmet?
what are the rubber simplifers made of?
what is the name of the book with the guy with the blue hat?
what is the last word of the second book?
who is the person on the left of the picture?
who wrote this book?
what years does the bookset span?
is this about olympians?
what is written in red text in the middle of the image?
what is the book title?
according to the header, what is the first word on the page on the right?
where are the tech wizards from?
where is karate kid's home?
what is the title of one of the articles?
what number is written on the front of each box?
what is the brand of juice box?
what is the name of this book?
what can cost lives?
what page is the number on the left?
what company put out this record?
was the change in the room obvious?
where is the museum and gallery according to the sign?
how many breeds in the photo on the top right?
which year is on the far right?
what flag is on the top left?
what is the text on the far right before the 5?
what is the name written?
some magazine books?
what kind of life is the introduction to?
what is the name of the blue book on the very bottom?
what will the cashier deduct?
what is the book title?
what no is shown?
whats the author of this book?
what type of ceremony is mentioned on the brochure?
what is the title of this?
who wrote this piece?
what is the name of the book?
what is the first two letters on each sticker?
what is the title of the video?
who wrote this book?
what is the title of the book by lonely planet?
what volume is this?
what is written in the red box in the bottom right?
what book is that?
whose name is written on the page to the right?
are these elixirs?
what country does the beer come from?
what does the cover of the book have a picture of?
who is this book by?
how many times the word muller is appear in the picture?
who wrote this book?
what is the text on the top of the poster?
what letter is in large red text 2 times?
what us one sentence written in red?
does the page have a link on it?
what are the first and last entries in this encyclopedia?
who is the author of the book?
what brand is the white box?
is this paper readable without assistance?
all foreign language?
what is in the yellow crate on the comic book cover?
are these "must read"?
whats the title of this book?
what is the name of this novel?
what animal is mentioned on the right page?
what is act 1?
do they have the book :bloodline" in here?
what is the title of the yellow book?
what is the top word on the second book in this pile?
what u.s. state is listed?
what was the price?
who wrote the book?
what is the book's title?
who is the publisher?
what is the title of the book?
what work is on the white board?
what is the words in red?
are there ones and zeros in the blocks?
what language is the book about?
what does it say in small black print on the top left?
does it say "love ya" or "love you" at the end?
what is the name of the theater?
what is the first word in the first line?
what did jacobite crie?
what kind of guide is this?
who wrote the orange book?
who produced this album seen on the top right corner?
what is the title of the book?
what is the title of the book?
what author is on the right books?
what is the right page number?
what date was the comic on the lower left published?
what is the last word on the banner?
what is written in bold font on the top of the page?
is the blue book about gods and heroes?
how much was this book?
what year was the book with the tree written?
what is the name of the book with a tree on it?
how many plays are in this book?
does it say the expedition succeeded?
what is in progress?
what are the three words under the cigarette packets?
what's the name of this comic?
who wrote the piece on the left?
what year is the picutre of the camp from/?
what is written on the album cover?
what 3 letters are visible in red on the book to the left of the woman's head?
what are the three letters shown in yellow on the wall?
whos name is written in the very top left picture?
what does the sign on podium say?
what is written on top of the page?
what is the title of the book?
who has a steam shovel?
what is the title of the green book?
what is the title of the orange book?
what is the title of the event?
what is written in ink on the page?
what three words are underlined?
what is the page number?
who is speaking in the text?
what is on the moon and stars?
the way of what?
what is the subject of the books?
is alcohol allowed?
which city is shown?
what kind of protection is the sign talking about?
what is the first word on the orange sign?
what is on the sign?
what should we do with the road?
which way is south?
what is the city this sign is in?
what does it say in the bottom row of text on this sign?
what word is in the red?
what kind of port?
what is the first letter of the word written on the green sign?
what is to the right?
what plain is of the eastern end?
what three words are seen on the green sign below?
what sort of fair is ahead?
what is the number on the brown sign?
which country's flag is pictured on the sign?
do both signs have the same number?
what is the speed limit here?
what do you do on green?
where does the sign say the train is going?
what is written on the red octagon?
this is wonford what?
what is written at the top of the sign to the left?
how many san francisco t-shirts can you buy for $12?
what is the name of this street?
what does the sign say?
what color is the text written in?
what does the large yellow sign say?
how many inches long is this ruler?
what numbers are on the clipper?
what number is on the far left?
what company name is printed on the usb drive?
is he wearing an xbox shirt?
what is the brand of the drink advertised in the board?
what national baseball park is this game taking place?
what motor company name is being displayed?
what is the player on the lefts number?
what i the first word under fifa on the blue banner?
what brand is on the blue flad?
what color is the cone?
what is the highest number on the measuring board?
what is the green teammates jersey number?
what is the man in whites jersey number?
what is the red players jersey number?
what brand of soccer ball are they kicking?
what company is written in red?
what brand is on the jersey to the left of the 6?
what number is written on the mans shirt?
what is written in blue?
what is number 3's first name?
what is the number of the closest jersey?
what fast food restaurant in advertised above the score board?
is number 21 on the field?
what is the red players whos back is turned number?
what type of bus is this?
what is the very first sign say not to do?
are seen symbols?
what is the lower sign telling you what to do?
what is the title of the book?
what is the first letter of the first name of the title?
what is the book name?
what is in the black triangle?
what kind of libraries are these?
what company name is written in giant bold red letters?
what are the letters of the first line?
what type of science fiction is this?
who was this edited by?
what event is this?
what day is this event?
which city is the train pointing to?
what is the company that sponsored this add on the building/?
what is the word in orange directly above the bird?
some lifestyle qoutes?
when does it come out?
what is this movie called?
what is the full title name?
what is the first letter of the title?
what isn't war?
they want you to keep what?
what is the word before ballads?
which line is this train station on?
a history of what court?
what single digit number is seen on the very bottom left corner?
what being shown in the pictures?
via le what?
what is the numbers listed at the top?
what does it say on the white and black square on the back?
this is notice board?
what should you do before they go?
what company name is written on the bottom of the poster on the post?
what country is printed in black?
some rockets image?
who did the music for this film?
what is it time to do?
what is the date of this event/?
what time does the event start?
which one would you choose heaven or hell/?
what is the name of the event?
what is the cost of this event?
is the first word on the poster 'scurit'?
what language is the sign written in?
is this talking about pirate bay?
what cove is written on the paper mat?
what country name is on the book?
this is english book?
how many paragraphs are there?
what is the first lettter of the title?
what number is written on the top right?
is it fair trade?
what is the brand on the bottom box?
what is the top right one?
what brand of soda is the blue can?
what is the brand of can most frequent in this?
what kind of lunch meat is this?
what type of beer is it?
is this diet or regular cola?
what name is written in white on the black and white scary photo?
what is in the can?
what flavour is this drink?
in what language is this beer?
what country is on the receipt?
what is the price of the first drink?
what is the name of the beverages in the cooler?
does the can on the left have cane sugar?
what word is at the top?
what kind of weekend is it?
is the word star written in the bottle?
what is the alcohol percentage in this drink?
what brand is on the can on the right?
what number is on the green can?
what drink is this?
what kind of pamplet is it?
who made this beer?
what word is printed with an exclamation point?
what kind of drink is this?
whats the number on the bottle?
what is in the white package?
what is the brand of toothpaste in front?
does it measure sugar and rice in ounces?
what is the current temperature?
what's the lowest temperature?
are the measurements on this beaker exact?
what is highest volume this glass mesures?
reading is what?
what types of this car?
what is printed to the right of the licence plate?
what is the make of the vehicle?
for whom they sell a brick at low cost?
how much does a brick cost according to the decal on the car?
what is the taxi number on the left?
this a kid?
what number is the license plate?
collection adult books?
what city are these people driving in?
in which city are these taxis driving?
what greeting is written on the left wall with a red background?
which languages are displayed in this street art?
what name is written in gold?
what word is written on the upper left button?
what 2 letters are written in white on the remote?
what is written above the push circle on the top left of the lid?
what is the first number of the model number?
is that a netflix app?
what is the name of the channel shown?
what kind of space command is it?
is this a hotel remote?
what brand is this remote?
what streaming service has its own red button?
what is the bottom left symbol?
what words wrap around the number 9?
what two words are at the top of this coin?
one of what?
how many dollars is this?
what four letters are on the coin on the right?
what is written directly above the bull?
some lot of coins?
how many different languages are used in the writing on this dime?
what does the dime have stamped on it?
how much is the coin worth?
united states od who?
what number is on the bottom stack of coins?
what country is this from?
the coin is all foreign language?
what year is the coin from?
how much do they cost?
how much is this coin worth?
how much is this worth?
what number is by the golf ball?
what number is written on the white circle furthest to the right?
what is the number beside the first ranked player?
what time is it?
which bank is a sponsor?
what fast food restaurant is advertised?
what time is it?
is this a home?
what is the score?
what kind of system is this?
what brand of controller is this?
what is the mm on this camera?
what brand it is?
what flavor chocolate is this?
what percent is this chocolate?
what company makes the phone in the box?
what model number is it?
how many letters are in the name?
what is printed on the box/?
what's the number under the company name?
what company made this product?
what is the number painted on the plane?
what airline is this?
what does the black letters say?
what in on the surfboard?
what is the number on the nose?
what number is on the hang glider?
what are the letters on the hangglider?
what kind of bots are these?
what are the 3 letters printed between the cockpit and the tail?
what 2 letters are printed on the rear of the plane?
what color is written on the wing?
what year was guinness established?
what is the name of the beer?
what type of blonde is it?
what kind of drink is in the bottle?
what race is being mentioned on the bottle to the left?
what does the reel say?
what is the 3 digit number written on the fishing poles reel?
what is the date on the image?
what is the serial number on the tag?
were the cup and plate made in 1735?
this is caffe and watch?
what brand of watches are these?
what time is on the orange watch?
is step 1 to insert your hands?
what is the brand of hand dryer shown here called?
whats the brand of the clock?
what date was this picture taken?
what does the middle sign say to conquer?
what company is being advertised on the white sign?
what brand is this watch?
what time is shown on the watch?
who made these watches?
what brand of watch is this?
what is the center number?
what time is it/?
what is the brand of this watch?
this dimond ring watch?
what time is it on the watch?
what country are these watchs made in?
what brand is the watch?
what is the time displayed on the watch?
is this water resistant?
in what word it is typing?
what is the number on the watch?
what number does the seconds hand point too on the watch face?
what time is shown here?
what time does this watch read?
what are the two letters in yellow on black watch?
what numbers are on the black watch?
according to the watch, what day of the week is it?
what it is?
who made the watch?
what time is shown on the watch?
what day is it?
it is watch?
what is the brand of this watch?
who is the watch maker?
what is the name of the company logo printed on the blue box?
what is the "c" word on his shirt?
what is percentage of alcohol?
what is the first letter of the name of the beer?
what is the brand name of the ketchup?
is there ketchup in the fridge?
what does the price start at?
what product is being advertised in the ad?
what is the name written between the two buttons ?
is this new?
what is the brand of the first jar on the left side of the second shelf?
waht brand is the bottom right carton?
what type of oil is on the counter?
what brand of ketchup is on the counter?
what town is this studio in?
what candy bar is on door?
what brand of cola is in the top center rack of the fridge?
who is the private detective on the second floor?
what is written on the bottom window?
that is the name after "tc"?
what word follows the hashtag?
what platform is shown on the imagge?
what is the date on the monitor?
what is the title of this slideshow?
what name is tradmarked in the upper left?
what comes on next?
what channel is selected?
what kind of beer is shown?
what is written in white on the blue wall in the back?
what country is this?
what type of tv is this?
how many coins does mario have?
what does the green button on the bottom left say?
this is computer display?
is this a 4k monitor?
whose fireworks are listed?
what kind of welcome?
what types of this store?
what is being sold in this store?
what is the name of this drink?
what is the name on the cart handle?
this is big computer television?
what is the name on the orange box on the bottom right?
what is the name of the store?
what does it say above the doorway in 3 letters?
what kind of station?
what is does the red text near the top center of the image say?
what section of the supermarket is on the left?
what does it say on the blue bag after mr.?
what are they selling?
what fish is on the blue sign?
does the bottle have 150 ml?
what is the brand?
what are the initials?
what is the name of this product?
what does it say on the mic stand?
what is the year shown?
what two letters are in the middle of the badge?
what is the name of the cologne in the bottle on the far right?
what is the initial in the black circle on the bottle?
what does the top part of the perfume say?
what is the name of the bottle in the middle?
what number is the perfume?
what is the wine brand?
does the sign say earth friendly?
how many milliliters does this have?
was this made in new york?
is this the medina store?
is there a marriott nearby?
what type of store is on the right under the yellow and green sign?
what are the letters on the sign?
what is for rent?
what is the name of this street?
what number is under the road name?
where is mount dennis?
what is the key on the far left?
what brand of typewritter is this?
does it say yellow on the orange pencil?
what year is printed at the top?
what is the number to the middle left?
what brand is the typewriter?
thid typewritting machine.its used many words type in paper?
can you see whats the first letter on the white paper on top?
what color is cited on the crayon at the bottom middle of the picture?
what brand are these crayons?
what is the function listed on the bottom right key?
what brand of label maker is this?
is that a vaio laptop?
what letters are printed on the sticker on the rear of the laptop?
what brand is this?
what is the number on the top of the bus on the right?
what time was this picture taken?
what is the number on the yellow equipment?
track is very closely?
what time is shown?
what is on the back of it?
what brand of phone is she promoting?
how many "0" are shown in front of the lady?
what kind of booth is this?
what is on the sign?
what time is shown on the phone?
what day will it be 81 degrees?
what state is the plate from?
what is the first number on the license plate?
whats the state of this license plate?
what model of car is this?
what state is the license plate from>?
what model is the car?
what is on the grille?
what are the three letter of the license plate number?
whats the number of the license plate?
which state is this car from?
who is feeling lucky?
what is the license plate number?
what kind of bus is this?
what is the cars license number?
what state does the license tag go to?
what does the license plate say?
what is the letter in the blue area on the plate?
what is the plate number?
what does the license plate read?
where are they at?
what is the license plate number?
what brand is advertised on the top part of the license plate?
what state is the car registered in?
what is the license plate number?
what is the license plate number?
what is the tag number?
what browser is shown in the background?
what browser is displayed on the smartphone screen?
they are chatting?
what is the first lower case letter on the phone to the left?
what phone type is this?
what time is on the phone?
what is the date according to the phone?
what is the sing under the camara bottom?
what kind of camera/?
who is the text from?
what year is shown in this message?
what are the last 4 letters in the brand?
what brand of phone is this?
what series on nokia is shown?
there are nokia phone?
this a blade design mobile?
what color is the brand name on the dishwasher written in?
what does the quote say in red on the top right?
what brand is the mixer?
what is the sale price of the food processor?
what level is the crockpot set at?
where is the small hand pointed towards?
what is the brand of the clock?
what numbers are listed on the clock>?
what time is it?
what time is it?
what words are read under the number 12?
what time is it on the clock?
what is written on the building facade?
what number is the small hand on?
what does the sign say?
what time you see this clock?
where was this clock made?
how many holes is the course?
whats the highest number of the clock?
which number is the big hand pointing to?
what time is it?
what is the word above the 6?
what's the lowest digit number you can see?
what are the big numbers?
what brand is the watch?
what number does the green clock arrow point too?
what brand is the clock?
whats city does the clock on the left  tell the time of?
what number is directly below the one the arrow is pointing to?
what year is on the clock?
is lake ontario in the background?
what number is at the top?
what time does the clock say?
what is the word above the clock hands?
what does it say under 'fitting room'?
do these two headstones display the same last name?
who is buried on the left?
what is the name of the event?
whats the title of the book near the back of the desk?
what is the title at the top say?
what should you do to join the front?
is that an "a" on the sign in the back?
what is the incense plate number of the car?
rebok van its travel vechicle?
what is written across the hood?
what is the website on the door?
what company owns this can?
this is police van?
what are the three letters on the license plate?
what is the license plate number of this van?
what does the sign say not to do?
what is the first word on the sign?
what store is the blue bag from?
what kinda of crew mentioned is painted on the wall?
what is the third word?
what is the first word on the left of this bottle?
what is the name on the table banner?
what are they sitting are the desk for?
what is the first number on the trash can on the right?
what is written on the trash can?
what does the barrel say?
what name is on the barrel?
what goes in this trash can?
what kind of switch is this?
what type of word is printed on the top of the red switch?
what does the big grey circle do?
what number key is shown?
what type of calculator is this?
who is this photo by?
what stadium is this?
whats the brand of the alarm clock?
what is the brand of the clocks?
what does the sing on the bottom left say?
what time does the clock say?
what kind of alarm is it?
what app is sending a message?
who is winning the game?
what spf is the front tube?
what brand is this nail polish?
what is the maker of the cream?
what brand is his shorts?
what number is shown?
what is the brand of this cologne?
what is the product caleld?
is patron one of the brands?
what color is the liquid in the tiny spray bottle?
what is the companies name?
what 2 numbers are on the bus marquee?
where is bus going?
what is the word on the front of this bus/?
which city is "in your pocket?"?
who wrote this book?
is this for the weekend evening show?
how hold is the map?
what is this a map of?
which company name is in the bottom right corner?
what band is on the poster?
what band is featured at the bottom?
what is the man quoted in saying?
breakfast with who?
in which company it is?
who wrote the book?
don't judge who?
don't do what to me?
what is this?
who is the brand on the poster?
what kind of strike?
what kind of day does the top newspaper say?
what kind of rolls are offered?
what is "live?"?
what is the first letter on the yellow sign?
how wrote the book?
what is the title of the movie?
the wallpaper is biblio polis?
what year is at the bottom?
what is the title of the movie?
lost in what?
isthis a painting?
this is a switch box?
what branch of the military is written on the blimp?
what numbers are on the plane in the back?
what it is?
what is the numbers and letters printed near the rear of the plane?
what branch of the army is written on the plane on the right?
what is the heliocopters id number?
what number is on the helicopter?/?
what is the airline?
what numbers are on the front?
what is the watermakr?
what is this jets id number?
what is this planes id number?
what number is on the planes wing?
what are the numbers displayed on the plane?
what 4 digit number is written on the rear of the grey plane?
what does the green container say?
what browser logo is in the box?
what is the first letter on the guys hat?
what is to the right/?
what is the brand?
what number is the top left?
what brand is this?
microwave is good or bad?
what does the sign say by the first door in the hallway?
frideg is there?
this is toilet?
what brand name is written on the can?
what number is printed on the inside of the rice cooker?
does this rice cooker have a built in measure?
what time is it?
what city is shown?
what kind of steps on the sign?
what is the brand?
does the orange container contain metamucil?
what letters are on the book in the bacjground?
what brand is this player?  3 letters?
the three letter is zte?
what website can you use to login to the app?
what app is this?
what brand phone is this?
what is the temp?
what g is the phone here?
what's your what?
what language is on the writings?
what is written on the top left/?
what it is barand?
what is the type of phone pictured here?
what kind of phone is this?
what brand of phone is pictured here?
what type of iphone is this?
what is the company who makes this smartphone?
what brand of smartphone is this?
what does the smartphone say on the top of the display?
what is on the white banner on the top of the screen?
what brand is it?
this is a iphone 7?
what brand of beer is priced at $6.66?
there are yellow cokoes?
what is written on the white bag behind the lady?
what product is written under the world d1?
this is petrol bunk hospital?
where is this hospital?
when does the words say in the back of the store?
who's bar is this?
what restaurant is shown here?
what is the name of this store?
what is being played here?
what brand is the cereal?
litter refill station?
is this a store?>?
what letter is on the front?
what is the 3 letter word printed on the center of the yellow logo?
what is the number on the diabetic testing machine?
text is in foreign language?
what is the brand?
what letter is written on all the boxes?
if is the chinese?
all in foreign language?
what clothing company logo is displayed on the fence next to the players?
how much is it every saturday and wednesday?
what is written in yellow on the green sign?
what number is visible on the mans shorts in the center?
what is the number on the red jersey?
what is the number of the player to the very right?
what number is the player on the left?
this is sports ground?
what type of sport is being played indicated by the sign in the back?
written in foreign language?
what number is batting?
what does it say on the back of that guys shirt?
what number is on the red jersey?
what year is this?
who does he play for?
who wrote the bottom right book?
what is being quoted under the books title?
what is the last number written on the page?
how is the seafood described in the bottom advertisement?
what kinf od manual is the bright red book?
what is the book title?
how many wires are required for most appliances?
what is the left column/?
which country does  ninjya shoes originate  from?
what is the title of the movie displayed on the tv?
who is the author?
whats the ticket number on the nottom right?
what type of things does the yellow book say americans manufacture?
what is the ad telling you to not risk?
what is the name of the author on the white book at the top?
what is the first name of the author of the article/?
what is this novel about?
what is the name of the brand of books?
what is the title?
how much do they cost?
what country is on this document?
what words are at the top of the sign?
which band write the album kid a?
what word is in smaller orange text on the right?
what is the name of the organization on the podium?
what is this music called?
luka giussani author?
what is the black book?
what book is the quote from?
what is the title of the red book in the center?
who is featured in the comic 2nd from right in 2nd row?
what is the number?
when is it on sale?
what type of village is mentioned in the top left?
what is the title of this book?
is there a book on the renaissance here?
what's the first word in this chapter?
what is served fresh?
cannot read any of the text?
australia is issued the passport?
who is the author of "beloved?"?
what is the title of the book to the very left?
who wrote the book about balloons?
who wrote the circle of innovation?
what year is mentioned below?
what social network is shown on the center image?
how many pages are there?
who is the author of this book?
what is the title of this book?
who's forst name is on the business card?
what is the name of this book?
is there a picture that says "hello?"?
what kind of pop?
what does the sign say?
what type of sweet tasting product covers the nuts?
what types of products does the redbox have?
what is written in red on the paper in front of the man?
what can you learn to do by reading the yellow book?
what is the first letter in the title of the book with a donkey?
what is any word on the page?
what word is written across the bottom of the book?
when was the album orignally recorded?
who is the author?
what color is written at the top of the page?
what word is written on the left page?
what speed should this be played?
this book is more information?
what word is directly over the title of the book?
what kind of criticism?
what brand of soda is on the table?
tindale red wine?
what word is written above ipa?
what initials are on the second line?
where is the wine bottled?
what number is written on the bottle?
what kind of liquor is martin codax?
what is the anem of the wine on the far left?
what year is on the bottle?
what kind of wine?
what number is not covered in the menu on our table/?
the drink is not wet but...?
what brand of beer is in the bottle in the very back center?
what is the year on the bottle?
what is the name of this beer?
what year is this bottle of wine distilled?
what are the two words above the name of the beer?
whats the name of the wine?
what is written above the man's head on the wall?
what is the last word on the label above the character?
what state is written on the labels?
what is the last letter in the name of the wine?
what 2 letters are printed in blue on the bottle?
what is the alcohol content?
what is the top word on the label?
how many fluid ounces?
what is the brand on the blue bottle?
what year is shown on the screen?
what is written in the dark blue box on the screen? (2 words)?
what company name is printed on the computer near the center?
what brand is the monitor?
tv guide is good or bad?
what size is the tv?
what definition is this tv?
what are the brands of tv?
what brand of monitor is this?
what is the art piece labeled?
what tournament is being held here?
what brand is the tv?
what flavor is the candy?
what is the first letter of the name on the cups?
what number is painted on the hull of the ship?
what text is at the top of the board in black?
what brand is the orange machinr?
what is the identification markings on the piece?
what state is the picture based upon?
what numbers are on front of the train\?
what is the white boat called?
what type of ale is in the bottle?
what does it say under the stars?
what is the brand?
what spices is the ketchup flavoured with?
what brand is the 3rd bottle starting from the left?
what country was this made?
what spirit is this?
what series of samuel adams beer is this?
what kind of beer is in the bottle?
what does the mans green shirt read?
what year is written on the bottle?
what kind of ale is stone ipa?
what is the beer's name?
what label is on the green bottle?
what soft drink is behind the left bottle?
is this written in english?
based pm the restaurant name on the wrapping is this in english?
what type of beer is it?
what number on the bottle?
how brews this beer?
what is the last letter of the brand on the green bottle/?
what kind of apple cider vinegar is this?
what brand of tequila is in the short, round bottle/?
what percentage alcohol is it/?
what type of whiskey is in the bottle?
what is the last red letter on the label?
what is the name on the bottle?
what is the brewing company?
what is written on the label under pumpkin?
the snaple drink flavor is lemon daze?
what does the sign say?
1 hours glucose load?
whats 4 letters are the name of this bottle?
what animal is on the bottle?
what is the yellow bottle?
what is in the glass?
this is drinks?
whats the year this champagne was founded in?
what is writtten on the blue bottle in white?
how much is this worth?
which countries coin is this?
what year was the coin minted in?
what country are the coins from?
what currency are the coins?
this is twenty what?
how many pences is this?
what is the value of the coin in the middle?
how many pence is on the bottom of all the coins?
what is the name of the minting company?
what is written at the top of the coin?'?
what year is the penny?
what are the coins used for?
what is written on front of the red boxes?
what kind of support?
what letters are at the top of the cross?
the text is in foreign language?
what is the name of this building?
written in a foreign language?
what is written on the red strip on the bottom?
what company owns this airline?
what does the last line on this shirt say?
what is the first letter of the large word on the side of the ring?
what number is the players jersey?
what is written on the middle persons shirt back?
what search engine is advertised in the back?
what is the batter's jersey number?
what is the letter on the black sign in the background?
what gloves are those?
what is the name of the photographer on the bottom right?
what security company sponsors this team?
what number is on the wall behind the mans legs?
what is written on the large sign being held by the girl?
what is the runners name?
what is the brand of the shirt?
what is the mascot name on the shirt?
atlanta city usa?
what is the blue player that is standings number?
what is the lady in whites team number?
yes everlast sponsor?
is this boxer sponsored by everlast?
who has "hot - n - ready pizza?"?
what time is it?
this a cococala company?
whats the name of the team written on the jersey?
what's on her butt?
what does it say on the back of this persons paints?
what letter is on his hat?
what is his number?
what letter is on the black hat on the top left?
what is the last letter to the left of the design?
what colour is the player's top?
what number is under usa?
is this a bowling boy or girl?
what number is one the mascot's jersey?
what is the writing on the blue boxer's glove?
what is the word in the background that starts with b?
what does it say on yellow shirt?
the number is eight?
what team are they on?
whats are the 3 digit numbers posted on the green board behind the players?
what number is on the upsode down flag in the middle of the picture at the bottom?
what language is this written in?
what does the shirt say>?
what are the # word?
what number does it say on the woman's white top?
what does the top of the sticker say?
what is the number of the runner in black?
what is one of the sponsors listed on the second place winner's shirt?
what brand "makes the call?"?
the english word is chin?
what is the english word shown?
which team is this jersey of?
what is written across his butt?
what is the number?
what brand are the potato chips?
what is the number on the kids white jersey with his back to the crowd, he is standing behind the last player on the bench?
shes stands with who?
what is the city?
what is written in the blue stripe on the top right of the banner?
what is the name of the athletic competition?
who is being cheered on my the sign in the backgroun?
what is the player's numner?
what are the letters before the date?
what is the team name on the girls shirt to the very right?
what number is the player?
what name brand is the shirt?
what number is on the leaders shirt?
11 shirt number?
what is the number on the jumpers chest?
what school are they from?
is she saying that her pants are soaked?
number is 10?
what team names is on the front of the players shirts?
what number is the batter wearing?
what drink company is on the back board?
how many outs are there?
is she a big fan of the chicago bulls?
what state abbreviation is displayed on the mans shirt?
what letters can you see on the girls' blouses?
what is the man in fronts jersey number?
what number is on the white jersey?
what teams are playing soccer?
what team do the players in white play for?
what fewelry company sponsors the game?
what team is this player on?
what is show on?
what's the team name on the white t-shirt worn by the man/?
what is the jersey number of the pitcher?
what is the name on the shirt and shorts?
what number is on the jersey?
what province is mentioned on the wall behind the people?
what team is on the girls jersey in blue?
what letters comprise the logo on the player'?
give peace a chance?
what is the title of the book on the bottom left shelf?
what is the number on the players back?
what does the t-shirt say?
what letters are on the blue pillow he is holding?
when was this picture taken?
what letter key can you see on the very bottom left?
what key is left of g?
what key comes after x?
what are the letters on the bottom right?
what key is to the left of the u?
what number is the asterisk?
what is on the paper?
what text is shown on the bottom row of keys?
what key is the person about to click on?
what brand of keyboard is this?
what is the brand name of the monitors?
what channel is on the sign on the bottom right?
what is the company being displayed?
what letters are in the red circle above the trucks?
whos company logo is on the front of the monitor?
what company logo is spelled out on the very left monitor written in red?
where can i get the free paper?
what's the title of the paper?
what is the year on the text label?
what is written in big letters next to his hand?
what are the initials of this company?
what number is this reunion?
what year is shown in the billboard?
what type of food is served on thursdays at this restaurant?
what is the first letter of the top worf on the banner?
how many days is this shop?
what is the phone number shown on the advertisement board?
name a sponsor other than the beverage name from this display?
when was the banner made?
what numbers are on the middle of the book?
what are the dates?
the city is lisboa?
what city is displayed on the center of the screen?
what time to the nearest hour is displayed on this clock?
this is  royal  watch?
what brand id this alarm clock?
what time is it?
what is the date in the bottom right/?
what year was the coin minted?
what is the name of the place?
what is on the cup?
what's the first letter in the title of the book?
what is the first name of the author?
what time is it?
what number is on the left of the watch?
how much is the watch?
what is the name of the brand?
what's the first letter of the first name?
what time does the clock say?
what time is it?
what watch it is?
this is watch?
what time of the watch?
what 3 letters are embossed on the watch band?
what company makes the watch?
what time is on the watch?
what time does the watch show?
the watch isin time 10.15?
what is the brand of watch schown here?
what does the woman's tattoo say?
what kind of tea?
what three words are within the triangle?
what flavour is this drink?
what kind of red?
how many ml in this can?
what brand is the chili/?
what brand is this?
what kind of coffee is on teh right?
what is this beverage called?
what is shown the number?
g five mobile company?
the name is safari?
what is the temp?
what kind of library is this?
what does the bib say?
what os the word in the black stripe at the top of the sign?
what company logo is printed on the glass on the right?
wow what a brand it is?
what does the sign say above the door?
what state is this building in?
what is the big word on the shelves?
what is the letter on the cap?
what company name is printed on the box in the middle of the room?
what is the name of the book in the top left corner?
name one of the books on the shelf?
what is the book in green called?
what does it say on the top of the shelf?
what type of ruler is this/?
is the bus designer called "renato?"?
what kind of bus is this?
what is on the sign?
what is the title at the top of this powerpoint.  it's in quote?
what is on top of the first yellow car?
what is on the side of the red van?
what soda company is being advertised?
what drink is being advertised?
what does it say next to the red stars?
it says heineken?
what number is the cab?
which state issue this licence?
what is the slide saying in the yellow area?
what year does it expire?
what is this cars plate number?
what state is on the plate?
what years are the registration good for?
what is the lat number on the tag?
state of new jersey?
what is on the licence plate?
this is atm machine?
what is the brand being advertised here?
what color is on the sign?
what company logo is on the top of the smartphone?
what brand is the phone?
what is the word below the kangaroo?
what is the sign warning for?
what name is on the left hand sign?
what slogan is at the bottom of the sign under the anchor?
what is the fine?
is this route 209?
what is written in blue ink on the sign?
what type of area is mentioned below the number 20?
what do the small red signs say?
what is the sign warning you of?
text is in foreign language?
a25 road sign?
what is the first word printed at the top of this road sign? it is in danish you do not need to translate it, just retype the word as you see it?
what is the bottom word on this sign?  it is in danish and you do not need to translate it.  just type it?
what number range is below the sign on the left?
galati braila bucuresti constanta in way i can get?
what is on the screen?
how much is that bill?
what is printed on the two remaining keys with words on them?
this is a keyboard?
what is on the sogn?
what network service is advertised on the sign to the right?
what does the red octagon say on the post?
what should you do at this sign?
what doe the sign say?
what brand are these?
all foreign language?
what does the yellow ad say?
how many miles is it to cuba?
what is the earliest time listed?
what is the group number?
what is the last box's title?
what is being written?
what is the caption in the top left paper?
what is about?
did floyd mayweather really do this?!?
does the meter say to drive carefully?
what does the meter say to do safely?
what is the top most number?
is this bill board for a restaurant?
how many number 8 can you see?
what type of game is mentioned in the box on the top?
team play the cricket?
what is displayed here?
they are at the park at what time of day/?
what 4 digit number is written on the trash bin?
what website is on the sign?
what quote is being said on the sign on the wall?
what is the brand name of the toothpaste?
please tick how many?
who's mug is this?
this is goods train?
what is the first word written on the building?
all foreign language?
what company makes this drink?
what year was the wine made?
what brand of wine is this?
